I am going to do it. I have made up my mind. These are the first few words of the new… the best … the Longest Text In The Entire History Of The Known Universe! This Has To Have Over 35,000 words the beat the current world record set by that person who made that flaming chicken handbooky thingy. I might just be saying random things the whole time I type in this so you might get confused a lot. I just discovered something terrible. autocorrect is on!! no!!! this has to be crazy, so I will have to break all the English language rules and the basic knowledge of the average human being. I am not an average human being, however I am special. no no no, not THAT kind of special ;). Why do people send that wink face! it always gives me nightmares! it can make a completely normal sentence creepy. imagine you are going to a friend’s house, so you text this: [ see you soon ?? ] seems normal, right? But what is you add the word semi to that colon? (Is that right? or is it the other way around) what is you add a lorry to that briquettes? (Semi-truck to that coal-on) anyway, back to the point: [ see you soon ?? ]THAT IS JUST SO CREEPY! is that really your friend, or is it a creepy stalker watching your every move? Or even worse, is it your friend who is a creepy stalker? maybe you thought it was your friend, but it was actually your fri end (let me explain: you are happily in McDonalds, getting fat while eating yummy food and some random dude walks up and blots out the sun (he looks like a regular here) you can’t see anything else than him, so you can’t try to avoid eye contact. he finishes eating his cheeseburger (more like horseburgher(I learned that word from the merchant of Venice(which is a good play(if you can understand it(I can cause I got a special book with all the words in readable English written on the side of the page(which is kinda funny because Shakespeare was supposed to be a good poet but no-one can understand him(and he’s racist in act 2 scene1 of the play too))))))) and sits down beside you , like you are old pals (you’ve never met him before but he looks like he could be in some weird cult) he clears his throat and asks you a very personal question. “can i have some French fries?” (I don’t know why there called French fries when I’ve never seen a French person eat fries! all they eat it is stuff like baguettes and crêpes and rats named ratty-two-ee which is a really fun game on the PlayStation 2) And you think {bubbly cloud thinking bubble} “Hahahahahhahahahahahahahaha!!!!!!!!!!!! Hehheheheheh…..heeeheehe..hehe… sigh. I remember that i was just about to eat one of my fries when I noticed something mushy and moist and [insert gross color like green or brown] on the end of one of my fries! now I can give it to this NERD!! ” (yes he is a nerd because all he does all day is watch the extended editions of the hobbit, lord of the rings and star wars and eat fat cakes (what the heck is a fat cake? I think it might be like a Twinkie or something)and twinkies(wow so is doesn’t really matter which is which because he eats both(i may have just done that so I didn’t have to Google what a fat cake is (right now I am typing on my iPhone 3gs anyway, which has a broken antenna so i can’t get internet anyway (it’s actually a really funny story that i’ll tell you sometime)))and sit in his man cave with his friend named Joe (an ACTUAL friend, not a fri end)and all Joe does is watch sports like football with bob and all bob does is gamble ferociously (don’t ask(it means he buys all those bags of chips that say “win a free monkey or something if you find a banana in your bag*”(if there is a little star it means there is fine print so I always check the back of the package) *flips over the package* okay, it says: “one of our workers accidentally threw a banana in the packing machine and we don’t want to get sued so we did this promotion thing” cool. Oh wow, this is salt and vinegar! my favourite! i hate cheese and onion.))and that’s pretty much his life, he lives in Jamaica with Naruto and his friends) so you give him that gross fri end he throws up all over you and me and the worker behind the counter who was still making an onion, and THAT is the story of the fri end, not a friend who somehow remembered your name and your phone number / email so he could text you saying he would come to your house soon. *finally takes a breath after typing a few hundred words about fri-ends* so what now? i know, i know, you think i ramble too much and use too many brackets (i don’t) but now i am going to talk about my amAZEing day. first i woke up, ate choco pops for breakfast even tho i always hate it when people say that cause i get jealous and super hungry. then i… umm… yea! that was my day. you know that other person i mentioned before? that flaming chicken person? WELL. i will steal something from that person but do it better. i will… drum roll please … badabadabadabadabadabadabummmmmmmmmmmchshchshchshchshbadabadboumboumpoopoopichypichypichypowpow-crash! *a drum roll was just playing in the background* that drumroll was so long i forget what i was talking about. *scrolls up to see what he was writing about* oh yea! i will make my own FLAMING CHICKEN HANDBOOK! what things do i like? instead of flaming it could be rainbow, instead of chicken it could be fluffysheep and instead of handbook it could be handbook (not very creative, i know) but the total complete name is now to rainbow fluffysheep handbook! to make life easier for you guys, instead of taking random rules out of book willy nilly, i will take them out using my favourite numbers! so, section 5040 of the rainbow fluffysheep handbook states that the king of all oddly coloured farm animals (thats me!) is allowed to tell you any part out of this book randomly or if it is his one of his favorite numbers! 5040 is a great number because it is divisible by 60 integers which i don’t know. i’m tired. it is 10:41 and i am getting sleepy… hey hey hey! an intruder! remember that from pokepals rulers of time and darkness or something like that! with piplup and sunflora and chimchar! whaoh piplup is really hard to write on a tiny qwerty keyboard! try it! i realised that asdf is actually written in order on the qwerty keyboard! (just in case you didn’t know, asdf is an amazing short video clips cartoony thing on youtube i first learned bout on flipnote hatena, which is now shut down ?? ) what if one day they get rid of the qwerty keyboard completely! i will type it out for you just in case one day they get rid of it. qwertyuiopasdfghjklzxcvbnm. there u go. Goodbye. I’m back! i decided that i should tell you about fonts. i always used the same font for my whole life, called arial. the reason is probably because it is on the top of the list in alphabetical order, and i was too lazy to scroll all the way down. only a few months ago did i finally decide to change my mind. i scrolled for what seemed to be an eternity, and i finally got to… are you ready … arial black. yep, that was my big SCROLLING ADVENTURE! just yesterday, i was typing something on google docs and i found the new best font : roboto. its great! i could choose from FIVE different thicknesses. isn’t that amazing? right now we are driving behind a really slow “farm plastics collection” semi. i think i know someone obsessed with pokemon, but i can’t tell you who it is. he keeps making pokepals references and stuff. wow! you are a very loyal reader! if you have REALLY made it this far then you… get a gold star on your loyalty chart! good job! this is looking to be the longest text ever, considering that this was all written in one day. i don’t understand sandwiches. if you were to eat bread, mayo and tomatoes separately it would be disgusting! you know all those fancy magazines/restaurants that always have really fancy food pictures with meat and brussels sprouts and all the old people say “wow! that looks great!” and you think {bubble thing} “it looks like the worst thing anyone could ever eat” and the you eat it and it tastes surprisingly… WORSE than you imagined! gotta go… im back! ive ive got stuff to say! your probably thinking… HoW DoEs He HaVe So MuCh FrEe TiMe?!?! And the answer is… i don’t. that’s right. this isn’t just some SIDE project. i’ve gotta make time to do this if wanna get the world record. for all i know, the flaming chicken opponent who i will refer to from now on as sam (i don’t know why) is probably still adding to her posts. (i think i picked sam because it sounds like ham which is like cooked meat and so is flaming chicken, so you will remember that now ) i am officially going to make a quote from the rainbow fluffysheep handbook of knowledge and prestige (sounds catchy, huh?) . section 777 of the rainbow fluffysheep handbook STATES that the king of oddly colored farm animals (thats me!) is allowed to use whatever font he wants to. [now, i know what your thinking reader, that has nothing to do with anything. but it will come in handy someday (maybe)] sam makes me feels sick! im offended! (probably because i’m jealous of how much is written on that website(i dont even know how to make a website)) I’VE JUST BEEN READING THIS AND I HAVE DISCOVERED A CONSPIRACY! THAT’S RIGHT, I AM WORKING FOR DOCTOR SUESS! YES! i will prove it to you. i mentioned ham and sickness so green eggs and ham somehow! (why is he called doctor suess anyway? he’s not even a doctor *citation needed* and his books are kinda dumb! (funny considering i’m the one making that statement)) talking about eggs, aren’t eggs practically unborn chicken membrane? wouldn’t it be scary if you were casually eating your brembudder (riotous robots reference (wow! serious compilation of alliteration dedication!)) and drinking your tae wit’ da guv’na (england doesn’t even have a govna! *citation needed*)(i’m not even racist i’m just quoting an accent of a race) and you go to crack an egg for your brekkie and BOOM! and unborn chicken embryo starts running towards you, picks up a knife and starts screaming “MAMA! MAMA!” you are so scared that you grab the nearest weaponry (a spoon) and poke the hideous beast. it is unaffected. luckily, the govener of Berwick-Upon-Tweed throws a sugar cube directly into the chicks mouth! as you know, sugar is EXTREMELY poisonous to chicken embryos *citation needed* (no more citations!) and you are saved! i’m sick and tired of citations! i will quote from the official rainbow fluffysheep handbook! section 12345679 (all the mathematicians are nodding their heads while the OCD people are twitching nervously in the corner) says that the king of oddly coloured farm animals does not have any obligation to write if a false piece of information needs a citation. great! now i feel like a free person! free i tell you, free! free from the prison cell i call the boundaries of untrue info. i think since im going to be the president of somewhere someday, i should have great speech here it goes: Hello great people of [name of place]! i am here to tell you; I am going to make [name of place] great again! i am going to lower taxes, but increase happiness! i am going to buy dog sweaters and bowls for people with dogs, and do some renovations on peoples tents! yes, this truly is a new era, the era of Epicness And Coolness! {and so, his tale lived on forever, being passed on generation to generation, living vividly in the hearts of the people.(that last bit sounded like the ending of an Asterix comic.)} i will now PROVE that all these things can happen. the first thing i said was that i will make America (i know, i know, i gave it away and told you the name) place grape again. (yes, that is what i said, bear with me here) i hereby DECLARE that every piece of American soil must be covered in vineyards. someone told me i should do that. i think i heard it through the grapevine (bad jokethat nobody understands) the next step is to lower taxes and raise happiness. to lower taxes i will get rid of all hospitals, and spend the taxes all on building fun playgrounds. this in turn, raises happiness (for the kids and for the non-injured if you know what i mean). finally, i will buy dog sweaters (on sale at your local liquidation world!) and dog bowls (just use little human bowls maybe?) and last but not least i will do renos on peoples tents (send chip and joanna from Fixer Upper to all the camping places). and, since all i said was (partial) truth, it will be a great era. anyway, gotttttttttttaaaaaaa ggggoooooo. bbbbbuuuuuuyyyy! im back. i just had thanksgiving while listening to christmas music and it was fun. we had bacon, ham and chicken but no turkey. its fall, but it’s ACTUALLY winter secretly. im watching a funny show. i’m back (even though i never said i was gone so you might be confused) hello loyal reader! if you have gotten this far without SKIMMING THROUGH then you are probably either lying, extremely bored (but not after reading this whole thing!) or VERY and i mean VERY dedicated. or all three. you know those homeless people that sit on the ground and ask for money? i think its all a conspiracy! after all, uow can they afford those dogs, sharpies, cardboard and enough english education to write “need help”? back in the roman times, only the richest, most important people could get things like that! you know the new fad, ‘black surfboards’? (neither did i until 15 seconds ago) someone related to me thinks they look really cool, i think they are neat but SOMEONE also related to me thinks they are bad because they would get warped. someWHERE ohohohohohohover the rainbowwwwww that reminds me, i was doing my normal thing, when BOOM! i started typing NONSENSE. so here it is, but be warned. its SCARILY NONSENSICAL. HeRe GoEs: The Epicness – Hi how are you? Smells good ya! Think about that buddy (shower time) heheheheHAHAHA well thanks a lot so called buddy. Random things: joe be utterly hatin. Dat be da bomb – Tink about tanking me. Interview: how does Joe like his pepperoni? “I be liken how I always eat it.” What first comes to Bobby’s mind when I say flabbergast? I don’t know, Flapper dress maybe that be it (20s style) hey dere ma-name JeFf… Hell Ome Ine Ame Isej oe hey hey hey! an intruder! (DID U NEVER WATCH POKÉPALS?!?! im offended.) ANYHOO, the cattle hopped above the earth orbiting asteroid (a TWIST on an old tale) Are you OCD? Then don’t read anymore: :):):):):):):):):):);):):):):):) OR: 8)8)8)8)8)8)8)8)9)8)8)8) (I Know It’s Annoying} ocd&gmail.com [i annoyed you again) —A Nice Story— {one day an old man said yonder} heyyyyyyy ?? (WHY DID HE WINK AT ME IT’S SO CREEPY) {the old man continued} hellllloooooo there young laddddiiee boyyyy (I NEED TO GET AWAY FROM THIS MAN) i think I’ve… SEEN YE ARE OUND BAE FAR HAVANT AYE? ?? (TAKE ME AWAY FROM THIS HIDEOUS BEAST YOU CALL A MAN! I WAS ONCE A HAPPY BOY, AND THEN HHHEEE STARTED TALKING!!!?!?!?! THIS IS UNNNNNACCEPTABLE!! :):):):):):):) mwahahaha! ?? MY ATTACK PLAN IS READY!) {THIS IS WHAT HAPPENED} ?? kills -> ?? —The End— Today is the day of justice. Today the world will be DESTROYED! Mwahahahah! Someday the whole peanut of existence will be chipped into The Edge. But then again, maybe it will be forever remembered as the one who saved the mintrolls from the mighty Orc king, and the one who was forever changed; transformed into a giant floating peanut. hello it’s me i was wondering if after all these years you would like to meet -> hey chow gotta beat chow gotta beat chow Hey HEY____________________W W W W W[]_____/\__<>___/\_____ GEOmetry DAESH One day i want to fie to da MOOOOOON!! aheyhayhoy. soametime the sky looke BLOOE, but it actually YALLOE. af yow cane andarstend dis santanse dan yowr umaizang. somedaaaaaaaaaaaaaay, OVer theRAINBOW, WAY UP HI,Oe’r da skie -> @,|3,[,|),£,|=,€,|-|,|,7,|<,|_,/\/\,/\/,[],|*,0-,|~,$,-|-,\_/, \/,\/\/,}{,¥,%. |-|£||[], /\/\¥ /\/@/\/\£ |$ |3[]|3|3¥. | @/\/\ \/\/|~|-|-|/\/€ |/\/ @ $£[|~£-|- [[]|)£ []/\/|¥ @ |-|\_//\/\@/\/ [@/\/ \_//\/|)£|~$-|-@/\/|). That was it. i know what your thinking (i think i do at least) but i’m not going to tell you. BURNED! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA FEELS THE BURN! sorry, i had to much sugar ?? gotta go you know bro do. I’m back! and i gotta new conspiracy for u! you know how EVERY child hates brussels sprouts! this is why i think so. Brussels sprouts were happily growing in their belgiumy home. everyone loved them! they were the chicken nuggets of the vegetable world. when suddenly… DA DADA DA! Hitler comes to Belgium (dont read this if you don’t want to. hitler was happily taking over Austria and Poland when he then decided to take over France but France built a big wall thing to keep him out on the border between france and Germany so all Hitler did was go through Belgium to get to France and THAT is when our story is taking place.) and he makes all the brussles sprouts taste bad simply because he is near them! the Mulligan family is about to go to McRonalds and order 43 brussels sprouts (you would have to have been paying very close attention and know some math to understand that joke) and when they get them (after lots of quarrels with the manager (a bit of a parker square if you ask me (you probably don’t understand that either(if you want to feel like you know all these inside jokes, just look em up on the web! your sure to find the videos made by lumberpile(close enough))))) they taste so bad you throw up everywhere! Hitler may have caused WWII, but he also caused brussels sprouts to taste bad. so there you go. why do they always write WWII? (if you can’t tell, they always write double-u double-u eye eye) wouldn’t it be more accurate to write WW11 or WW2? If i keep writing at this rate, i’ll beat the world record in no time! i might even print it all off and write a novel! too bad i probably don’t have any readers. hello there non existent reader! i hope you are having fun. and i hope you are not injured cuz of that whole ‘no hospitals’ conundrum. what else should i talk about? how bout Minecraft? just in case you don’t know, Minecraft is a fun game where you place blocks and stuff and you play with friends and most people who play it are like 10 years old but I not and i still have fun and you can’t judge me because I wanna be an engineer and if I wanna be an engineer then i should probably not waste my time playing games wow that went downhill from benefitting me really quickly. Anyway, I prefer the Redstone side of things (Redstone means wiring and stuff). I build stuff like 5 piston extenders and auto wall builders and calculators and computers (not those stupid computers that use command blocks (just in case you don’t know people, command blocks are like CHEATING THINGS and if I am talking about them i will probably not be happy)) and stuff cause i wanna be an inventor. I also do c++ and make things like search engines, text adventures and cookie clickers! My current BIGGEST project is 600 lines long and I don’t know if that’s a lot but it sure seems like it to me! (when I was typing in the word lines it auto corrected it to ‘lies’) what’s with the whole naming appliances fad going on? (There isn’t really one) like that vacuum named ‘Henry’ that I have. I have the box here and it says on it it can twist the top part which I never knew before! I just woke up but the anticipation of whether this whole Henry twist bit this is true is killing me and I think I might wake up just to see if its true. Nahhhhhhhhhhh! This text is getting so long it’s getting laggy just typing on the same notes on my phone! I gotta start a new one. See you in another life, brother (Desmond in Lost reference). iiitttttttttsssss Johnny! I’m someone mcmann and today we are taking with bee mc wasp. *clapclapclapclapclapapplauseapplauseonelonelymaninthebackscreamsbecausehegotlosthewastryingtogettonemotheclownfishmoviebutnowthereisagiantbeeslashwasprightthereandheisreallyscared* Thank you, thank you! Now, mister Bee, what you do all day long? Well I’ve gotta say Johnny that all i do is spend 14 hours a day eating and then spitting what I just ate into a residential area! Wow, that sound like my great aunt large (i typed in Marge but it auto corrected)! *Laughterlaughterapplause* Then what happens to that SPICY MILK?(Jim Gaffigan) It’s actually not milk, Johnny that regurgitated blob is then stolen from us and eaten by people! well… That’s…. Amazing. *suddenly feels nauseous* Well *blech* it’s time for a *hurl* commercial break. Yes, real breaks! (Every commercial is about breaks)*** (fake Bronx accent) do you like twinkies!?!? Yeaaaaaaaa! Do you like roast turkey! Yeaaaaaaaaa! Then try the all new exclusive limited time only in a store near you… (Anticipation is building up more then the mould in my bathroom) The kit kat turkatwinky! It is beautifully tasty *citation needed* ! Have a break, have a twinkiturkey [its the other way around, I think] …Next Commercial… (Annoying Hawaiian music) do you wanna go on a holiday (more music) then take a trip to (calm music that goes like ‘bowawawoh’) (sudden intense heavy rock) HAWAIYA! You can do great things like… Get eaten by sharks, fall in volcanos and get lost and sea! Buy tickets now for only e = mc^2 easy payments of a=2b +- _|2c -4ab—3c! [(man in background) ummm bob? … Yeap? … (Japanese) Det idit na codect spaech … Oh, we’ll we’re out our air time, sooooooo…] {kshshshshsh} -Next Commercial- has THIS ever happened to you? You are up to your normal everyday antics when… BOOM! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA! Your crash and BREAK your brand new 2004 ford mustang bike! It’s actually a tooth ow sand ant fore fjord moose tangy (a painful white mouth bone small ground up rock little hill building insect golfing safety viking ravine big deer sour patch kid bike) and didn’t have insurance! Buy some right now for only €1 a month (talks really fast) warning: not actual ‘insurance’, it’s actually ‘inch your ants’ which is a bag of inchworms and ants this company is not responsible for deep regret after purchases*** (clapclapclapclapclapapplauseapplause) Welcome back to AHAGAHAGGGHGHGHGHGGG!!!!!! [(sound over intercom) emergency -emergency! everyone evacuate!! Go go go!!] {you ask someone while running away} what happened!! (Man is panting and very tired (wait… He looks oddly familiar…)) the bee/wasp thing… It is stinging people! ?? I knew it! It’s my fri end!?!? this whole thing is going down in an infinite spiral of nonsensical blubber! {poof} wow! That was a fun dream! That was my stuff today. Gotta go! I’m back! Someone related to me is making a huge campfire in our mudroom using only a tealight and matches! It’s sparking… And fizzing… And poof! {the room is filled with smoke and out of it walks a tall bearded man} hello there! You must be Bilbo Baggins, reader! Have you come to kill Smaug, the Fire Dragon? Or as Sauron would put it: ???????? (Yes, I speak Japanese, another random surprise DESTINED FOR GREEEEEAAAAATTTTTNEEESSS!) bochebobochebobocheedoooooooox2 CiTy Of StArS! I KNOW YOU’RE SHININNG FOR ME SITTIE UV SHTARS! I know your shinin just fore meyyyyyyy (lalalalalalalalaland won the oscars slash awards stuff and then they didn’t i think in 2017 heheheheheheheheheheheh) ***THIS IS A PUBLIC SERVICE ANOUNCMENT: i am not in a very good mood and my writing may be affected *** what’s up with SPRAY CHEESE! Like what the heck! Its like cheese but like in like a can!!! What is wrong with people! What was that person inventor of cheese in a bottle person thnminh! (ummm… Figure it out) he was like what the hey I want cheese but I don’t want cheese that comes in hard form cause then it is weird so if it comes in liquidy form then it seems more like real milk so its less FAKE! *Wheeze* Cheese is a Breeze *achoo!* (if you can’t figure THAT one out then you need to get your flubber out of here! (Flubber is that bouncy stuff in that movie where there is bouncy stuff that attaches to pope’s shoes while they play basketball (not popes, stupid auto-correct (speaking of hard things, that reminds me of the Hardy Boys who were like magicians or something(which reminds me of sailing the DIRTY ISLAND ESPAGNOL!))))) every day I’m shuffling: heyheyheyheyheyhey gangnam style like whop whop whop whop whop whop gangnam sssstttlllyyyeeetllllyypiie! Have you ever heard the song DOWN DD DOWN DD DOWN DD DOWN DOWN DOWN? WELL IT IS A COOL SONG WITH FASCINATING LYRICS HERE IT IS TYPED BY YOUR TOOTHY: To be or not to be That is the question What is nobler in the mind Through the toils of slings and arrows Of great fortune And when i slept i had a dream A dream of great sorrow And i will have that dream At least until tomorrow! UMM… WRONG ONE… HEHEHEH… WELL LET’S TRY AGAIN: Food & Drink: Apple (crunchy) Artichoke (chew before you swallow!) Avocado (replaces banana in cookies) Banana (replaces avocado in guacamole) Beef (burger) Beetroot (gotta good beat) Bun (for burgers) Burger (for buns) Cake (i’m gonna bake a caaake) Cantaloupe (an orange melon) Carrot (an orange banana?) Chicken (don’t be scared!) Dill pickle (not a gherkin) Egg (from a chicken) Eggplant (from a dead chicken turned into dirt by mushrooms) Fig (figrolls) Fish (i wish for a fish to decorate my dish) Grain (good rain) Hot sauce (frank hot sauce) Icecream (not even a real food!) Jam (not from grapes) Kebab (okay, bob) Lemon (sour orbiter (or bitter)) Melon( a green cantaloupe) Mince (beef/pie) Nut (he’s crazy!) Omelette (let me take your ohms which is a currency somewhere) Paska (what the hooey is that) Pasta (makes more sense) PeanutPickle (that sounds disgusting(were those separate?)) Pie (not from grapes) Pineapple (the apple from the pine tree) Pizza (pi*z*z*a) Quiche (pronounced keesh) Radish (doesn’t it look cool dude? it looks rad…ish) Steak (put a wooden stake in a cow to obtain) tictac (the clock goes tick tack tick tack) Turkey (not for MY thanksgiving) Turnip (kinda like a radish) Upsidedowncake (it’s the same as normal cake but upside down) Vinegar (eww) Whiskey (ewww) Wine (ewwww… STOP WINEING!) Yam (popeye says: i yam who i yam) Zucchini (for all the animals who live in the zookeeny) Wow! That was fun! Gotta Go Bro Yo Know! I’m back! If you have honestly made it THIS far, reader then you have just been promoted from ‘some reader’ to ‘stable keeper of the rainbow fluffysheep’. Isn’t that fantamismo? Somedddaaaayyyyydf oooooohhher three rainbowfluffysheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep there is hope! There is life! There are unicorns in the darkness! No more trolls! No more orcs! We are free, free from everything that’s bad! Great is the smorgasbord of a plethora of strawberries! Bootsandcatsandbootsandcatsandbootsandratsandchutesandratsandchutessandratsbandchutessandratsbanned! Yaaaaaaaa! Salut! Je m’appelle francais! French is absurd, French is the word! I don’t even remember typing that! It’s so late a night my eyes are bulging out of my sockets because of the brightness on my phone! Now, I know what your thinking. TURN DOWN THE BRIGHTNESS, KING OF RAINBOWFLUFFYSHEEP! I will tell you why I shall not. Because on an iPhone 3 there is no easy access to get to your brightness. That’s for the WIMP. I’m hardcore. That’s why I Have typed a step by step tutorial on how to change the brightness on an iphone3 for you to read, in the comfort of your own home! (Or wherever your exciting life takes you) 1. Click the button on the top right of the phone to turn it on. 2. Swipe from the left to the right on the bottom of the screen. 3. Type in your password and the phone will unlock to the home screen. 4. Click on the Settings App (Your Almost There!) 5. Click on the ‘Brightness/Wallpaper’ Tab. 6. GOOD JOB! ALL U HAVE TO DO IS SWIPE THE LITTLE BAR THINGY! that’s why I don’t do that. I don’t have THAT much time. I think. Halloo! I’m in London and I’m hangin out! Now I’m back though. This is extremely frightening. Whenever I type words then my phone reads it out to me. Strange.I just turned it off. Good thing too, since every time i heard it i turned around and punched the wall. Not out of fear for my life because of the impending imminent doom, but out of a pure piqued curiosity. Once you obliterate the wall once, every latter time you lose that satisfying crunch. One thing I have aspired to accomplish for a long time now is to make my own pun-themed conspiracy theory. Here goes: in section number 115132219018763992565095597973971522401 of the rainbow fluffysheep handbook (i am very proud of that number by the way(*cue all geeks Laughing hysterically*)) STATES that the shearer of greatness (who’s that again?) has proof the the solvence of the illuminati (if you solve something, would it be called an act of solvence?) and forherbyshared proclaimences all right to own half of all southern states who share barbeque preferences (none([southern dialect] it ju bring a tear to ma eye knowin tha the founding fathers fought for freedum, an’ fer unitee. Ye still the states Connor decide on a preferred bar bee q sawse :()) even if he does not want them. And now gentlemen and ladies, I will prove once and for all that the illuminati … Is real. Here goes: So, as everyone knows, the illuminati is represented by the pyramid with an eye in the centre. Do you think that it is merely a COINCIDENCE that the first letter in illuminati is i, and I is pronounced ‘eye’? I THINK NOT! Let’s continue. What is the first thing you think of when you hear the word pyramid? Exactly! The first thing you think of is Egypt? Nooooo!! It’s that they’re big. Duh. So what is the first thing that you would say when seeing a pyramid? “Wow that’s big?” No of course not random audience members indicated by the two line things! You would make the sounds of a mesmerised chimp, like “Oooooh” and “Ahhhhhhh”. And I know how these two things are connected! What temperature would it be in Egypt? Hot, that’s what! So hot that it feels like you are cooking a pan. Ahhhhhhhhhh pan, to be precise! And what county sounds like apan? Japan? Now is it just a COINCIDENCE that that Japanese word for big is ‘Oo’? NOOO!!! These things are all connected, I just don’t fully know how yet. So, we know that the answer has something to do with being big, but what? for these kind of questions, you have to work backwards. I call this method, Reverse Solvency. Anyway, what did the rich (big) people do to the poor (not big) Egyptians around the time that the pyramids were built? Exactly! They sold em’ that sounds like soldier! In French that’s gendarme! Gender! That’s what they are trying to tell us! It’s so obvious, in front of our very EYEs from the beginning! So, what gender is associated with being big! (This is gonna be slightly offensive) Males, obviously! (I’m sorry ?? *audience member calls out* don’t be sexist! Sorry, but you have to admit, men are usually fatter than women! “Hey, now you’re being sexist to males! We have our rights, you know!!! Chauvinists! Communists! We are great! Who insists? Communists! We will rule with hate!!! ” ummm actually I was saying that men are fatter because back in the time of the PYRAMIDS if you were fat you were considered wealthy. “Now your sexist to us again! Feminists rule! Feminists are great! We are going to rule with hate!!” If you both want to rule with hate , just hate each other equally so this can be over with!!!! Thank you. Anyway, back to the conspiracy) Where were we? Oh yes. Men! What word has men in it? Fishermen, of course! Fishermen caught a lot of fish, and what did the Egyptians have a lot of? Gods! Fishermen used to go slow in boats, so we can remove the g forces, and we a left with ‘od’. And where are the fishermen!?!? In the sea! The ‘c’! And what kind of fish do they catch? That’s right, the ‘Cod’! Now, we use are backwards method to come up with ‘Doc’. As in a doctor! What does a doctor do? Helps people who are sick! But do you know what the worst thing about doctors is? You still have the pay the doctors fee even if you are not sick! And mind you, the doctors fee is quite a large bill, and I wouldn’t want to go to the doctor not even for a bee sting! Alas, This is as far as I have gotten. Can anyone help me? Um yes, you? “Yes, I was just wondering what Big, men , ooo, not bees, Bills , and sickness have to so with the Illuminati! ” wait anonymous audience member say that again! “But like, it was a lot of words” [the writer remembers that he is not allowed to copy and paste, so he skips the dramatic scene where one character says his sentence again while the Maine character says aha! I think I got it!] “got what? The flu?” Who the heck are you? And how did you get backstage? Security?!?! SECURITY!!!!! “yes sir?” What are you guys wearing?! “Obviously we are wearing tiger skins, for camouflage!” Now I don’t even have security to take all the psychopathic people in here, because my security are psychopathic themselves!!! Annnyyywwwaaayyy… I figured it out! Bill, no bee and sick! No bee is actually no ‘B’, the letter! The only b we have is in bill! And if you take it off, what do you get. “ill” . And what is a synonym for ill. Sick. We have gotten pretty far on our journey of solving the question of the illuminati, although we have not quite accomplished the full desired outcome yet. What did all the most important people in egypt do when they were not prosecuting the poor? They were eating, of course! And what were the poor doing in their spare time? What any law-abiding heartwarming lovely citizens would be doing? Playing Sports, of course? And where are the rich buried? In coffins like boxes. When someone dies, hey eyes turn into 24pt roboto thin-line x’s in italics. Huh; box, x. An XBox of course! And what company makes sports for an Xbox? Electronic arts. We’ve all heard of ‘E A Sports. It’s In The Game.’.if the rich are ‘eat’ and the poor are ‘ea’ the only letter not used in both is the letter T! As in tea! A tea is going to come in handy. Even the word eat is just an anagram for tea! It’s all starting to make sense to me now! It’s all fitting together like the pieces of child’s jigsaw! Remember the plagues on Egypt? One of those must be a clue, but which one!? For this, we need to go back to original illuminati ideas, the eye and the triangle. What number do they have in common? 3, of course! A triangle has three sides! If you asked someone to draw a shape and the only hint you have them as to which shape it is was to tell them ‘3’, then chances are they would draw a triangle! It even has three in its name – tri-angle! And how many color cones does an eye have? You guessed it, three. And the third plague is: let’s see here… Gnats. What has a gnat got to do with anything? That information is probably gnat even right (LOLZ)! Anyway, let’s keep going, there must be more to discover yet still. Who was the last pharaoh in Egypt? Cleopatra. She’s so famous, that there have been books and movies made about her! The movies would have been very old, if they were made when she was alive. So old in fact, that they probably used those old cameras with the crank thingy on the side and the reels. Remember the fishermen from before! They connect! The ‘reels’! I think we now have all the information we need to prove that the illuminati is real. Lets see, what do we have: ill, oo, men, a tea, is gnat, reel. What happens if we squish them all together. Illoomenateaisgnatreel. Illoomenatea is gnat reel. Oh. Well, good thing we got that cleared up. Guess what peeps? I have made it to 35000 characters! Why is that so significant, you might ask? Because the world record is 35000 words! That means that all I have to do is replace every letter with a word. Like this: instead of writing ‘I’m back!’ I could say ‘internet mascara beagle Australia catamaran kipper’ and all you do is read the first letter! This would probably make for some nonsensical blubber, as one might say, but at least i’ll beat the record! Also I have another Up-to-standard word idea to get more writing in! Instead of just writing a normal sentence I replace all the words with their respective dictionary definition! Yes, writer, that is a good awesome cool convenient and simple idea! So here goes: ‘jumping cacti ate many jars containing marmalade’ -> ‘any of numerous succulent plants of the family Cactaceae, of warm, arid regions of the New World, having fleshy, leafless, usually spiny stems, and typically having solitary, showy flowers that are leaping or springing over an object the past tense of to take into the mouth and swallow for nourishment constituting or formulating a large number of a broad-mouthed container, usually cylindrical and of glass or earthenware currently holding or including within its volume or area a jelly-like preserve in which small pieces of fruit and fruit rind, as of oranges or lemons, are suspended.’ Wow, that took longer than I expected. Just so I don’t get sued, I am now informing you that those pieces of information were sourced from a well-designed, helpful and informative website currently named dictionary.com. And now, a word from our sponsor. *Kshhhhhhh* Have you ever been sick before? Then this pill is for you! We have a 100% guarantee that you will never get sick again! Warning: the reason you will not get sick is because you will die. Buy soopapill in your local pharmacy for free! That’s right, the low low price of nothing! They’re so cheap, we’re practically giving them away! Also included is a satisfaction guarantee: if you are not satisfied with this product, then there is a full refund money back guarantee. Kshhhhhhh thank you for that lovely message from our sponsor, hooey kablooie. I need a topic. Not just any topic that you find on the floor, but a topic so magnifico, so delisimo, and so interestinio, that I that I fall on the ground in a seizure. I got one! This is a short skit entitled: ninjas: explorers of time and space! *intense music builds* yes sensei! I will punch that piece of wood so hard that it creates a wormhole in the 6th dimension! My apprentice, you have trained hard. There is now a one in one times ten to the million chance that using this wormhole will send us to a earth-like planet that will be habitable for all ninjas in the clan of the ninjapeeps. All hail the ninjapeeps! (You don’t actually have to) who said that?! Who would have the audacity to threaten the ninjapeeps all hail the ninjapeeps in such a way! I did. And you are? The Writer. Nice to meet you, my name is senseinohi, but that’s sensei to you. Howdy pawtna! No, we are actually japanese, not texan. Kong-nae-chae-waw, pawtna! Sensei, don’t respond! Don’t you remember what this man did? No. He was the one who disarmed the hailing of the ninjapeeps all hail the ninja peeps! Oh yes, that’s right. Sorry dude, but PREPARE TO BE THROWN INTO THE SIXTH DIMENSION, YOU DIRTY RASCAL! The sensei grabbed his handheld torpedo launcher and shot it at The Writer. It hit him and pushed him into the board! Do it! The Apprentice hit the board with all his might, and it broke apart. Not how you would think though, it actually compressed into a wormhole, shifting the spacetime fabric around it! (Now I know what you’re thinking, reader. Don’t ‘They’ always say to make a story believable!? And to that I say… but it is. You see, if you are a small minded gherkin (hey! You! No insults or we’re going to have to stop this little ‘play’ of yours!) ok… whatever. You probably believe that when you push something, the far side of it moves instantly, right? WELL YOU’D BE WRONG! Actually, the opposite side of the object moves in the same time it would take for sound to travel from you to it. Here’s an example: there is a lightning bolt with a hand far away from you. When it strikes the ground, it pushes a meal pole towards you, so one end is in its hand while the other is in yours. You will get pushed back at the exact time you hear to thunder! Isn’t that fabulous? That means that if the ninja punches faster than the speed of sound (a lot faster though) then he will be able to compress the board into a space time warping black hole) The Writer is plunged into the endless oblivion of the cascading incomprehension that is the sixth dimension. Little did the ninja peeps all hail the ninja peeps know, when you are in the sixth dimension, you can teleport right inside people and objects! (It actually depends on what kind of sixth dimension you are in. If you are in a four axes two time dimension, as in this skit, you can moves backwards and forwards in time and change the outcome of time, yet not travel directly to any possible outcome which you may have formed in the past. Also, with another axes under your belt, you can essentially disappear and reappear at will, yet with a time delay, which is nulled due to your cacophony of dimensions, specifically time.) so what The Writer did next was simple! He simply went back in time, and landed inside the sensei, causing him to not be thrown into the wormhole, causing him not to land in the sensei… This is making less sense as we go. In the end, the universe gets confused, and tells us a message: universe.exe has stopped responding. Noooooooooooooooo — Yep. And that is what I do with my life essentially. Gotta go now sea ya! I’m back! With a conspiracy that will blow your minds/mind if you are human! Zooreka is the easiest game to play if you have the slightest bit of mathematical knowledge! When choosing what to roll for, it is sooooo obvious which on the choose using basic knowledge. I’m not going to tell you, because next time you play it you will figure it out (if you even HAVE zooreka). Now that I think About it, that wasn’t really a conspiracy, was it :(. I have a reward for you reader. If you have truly made it this far than… Give me your email and I will send you the answer to the zooreka challenge, free of charge! Send an email to rainbowfluffysheep123@gmail.com, inquiring. Also, you can ask me any other important questions you might have! In section 18w08b of the rainbow fluffysheep handbook it CLEARLY STATES that the king of oddly colored farm animals (that’s me!) will reply to ANY email set to the inbox of rainbowfluffysheep123@gmail.com to the best of his ability (not including spam tho). Hey! I just realised that when I wrote the word color, it get a red squiggle underneath! What a sham! ShamWOW! In section 18o25g02i22 it states that anyone, not only the king of the oddly colored farm animals, is allowed to spell color without a u! Hurrah! Hurrah! Three cheers for the rainbow fluffysheep handbook! (But that was only two, Harold. Whatever.) and that, ladies and gentlemen, was the way Color was born. THE END. I’m back! And do I have an exciting subject for you! No! I don’t! Ha, gotcha there, didn’t I! Wow, it just started raining. Oh wait, it’s snow! Not just any snow, mind you, but it’s topicsnow! Yay! All these great topics falling softly from the sky. What could be better. I’m now walking down the street. Hey you! Ye? Is that a topicman? Yes sir, tis! Well ain’t that great. If want to get the best topics, I must climb mt.Big. Hey look, there’s some kids having a topicball fight! How fun. Noooooo! A topicalanche! (That doesn’t even make sense!!! The word avalanche doesn’t even have the world snow in it! ) Since I died, i didn’t get any topics. Sooooooo yea. *cue awkward elevator music* ding do do ding dong ding do do ding dong. *taps his foot* *hums 90’s pop song* grabs chainsaw from behind his ear and cuts the elevator cord, plunging the box of awkwardness in to the darkness of forgetfulness and loss of meaning. Forget… Forget……….. You drift into a deep dreamless sleep, waking up to an elevator of twisted metal wreckage resembling a dead animal carcasses. Beside is the corpse of… of… an onion?!?! Wow, who knew onions could be so awkward :o. I just read what I wrote and it makes less sense than I thought. Little did you guys know, that today you would get a great piece of text to read. I didn’t even know that. You know that guy from shamWOW! He always said all these great things about that weird sponge? Yea, that was a short topic. Im gone. Im back! Wait, how did i type if i was gone? With my mmmiiiinnnnddddd… woooooooo creeeeeeeepy! Anyway, this is what i was thinking. I feel really sorry for water molecules! All they do all their lives is slowly get raised up slowly until they land in a cloud with their friends! Wahoo! Or, so you think. In reality, at any moment they could fall to their impending doom! They drop thousands of meters to the ground, only now realizing that they are miles from home!! They take the nearest river trying to get home, before repeating the cycle! They teach us this horror story in kindergarten, masking the brutal morbidity of it by articulating the conundrum using macroscopic convoluted words! Like ‘evaporation’, more like flying up to the sky knowing that it’s your final moment – ation! Condensation!?!? More like con – ned by your kindergarten teacher inti thinking that this means water gently floating to the surface of the earth, when it really means death by lack of parachute! How could you be so – dense – ation! (Public service announcement: this is an anonymous relative spakin’: *where is he? Dunno.* this was test, and only a test. Had this been a real public service announcement then i would have – not been here! Harharhar ! Stop making fun of harold! He was only late for that one clock commercial and now you guy just have to – its OK bob, i don’t care about the Larry squad. They don’t bother me no longer. KK harold….. umm… this was a te – wait, did we already do that part? Uh, ya i think so…. so this is awkward. Ya, sooooooo – *in the echoey distance* cut to the commercial break! What the heck do i pay you for? To… get… you… coffee, sir. Oh, you the coffee boy? Why the hack did my coffee not have any cream in it yesterday!? I almost burnt my mouth into non-existence! I was told not to put in in, sir. By who? Lets just say i got a… Higher Calling. You… you m-m-mean that The Boss called? Yes, budget cuts he said. No more cream he said. No more name-brand cereal! Nooooo if my cereal is packed in a bag i swear on my neighbors cousins dogs bone that i will take every cereal bag, pour out all the cereal, and put them into the boxes that i saved from the name brand cereal!!! Is this… you… you wouldn’t. Oh, try me. Yea, now that i think about it you probably would do that. Why was i here again? Oh ya… CUT TO A COMMERCIAL ALREADY! We don’t have any commercials sir, we got voted unanimously by popular vote not to have any commercials. Well obviously the public didn’t want… didn’t… di- it all makes sense now! The budget cut is BECAUSE of us not playing enough commercials! But sir, our quota ends tomorrow! We need to have played 50837 commercials! There is. Only. One. Way. Play all the commercials at 100x speed! Is that even LeGaL?! Of course it is! We might have to have an epilepsy warning at the start though. Don’t people get epilepsy from watching fast images? This is a radio station, so people can just hear it! Ummm… this is an earlepsy warning! HAHAHAHAAHAHAHAAHhahahahhahha hehe he… heh. That wasn’t funny, steven.) And back to our regular program. I just started a sentence with a preposition! Isn’t that, like, seven years bad luck or something? Well I can solve that. Section 1 of the Rainbow Fluffysheep handbook says that the king of oddly colored (not coloured like some LOSERS would write) farm animals has full veto to start any sentence with a preponderance. (What the hooey is a preponderance? It says here that it means to be greater than something. Well, the king of oddly colored is full of preponderance towards everyone else! Mwahahaahaha!) Now i can start with a preposition too. Well that worked. (The reason that I used the number 1 is because it has become forgotten among numbers. You see, 1 isn’t considered a prime number! Like what the hey! Its only factors are one and itself!) Do you think that when a particle is beckoned into existence, it uses one of those slot machines with the big arm? And the 777 of the particle world is getting… Hmmmm. I actually have now idea. Maybe just hydrogen! Hydrogen is pretty sweet for blowing people up. But then when your becoming a particle, you have to use it and see what you get. A typical particle would be at one. Here is an example: *cue southern accent* sweat was rolling down my face like the Rolling Stones. I can’t believe it has come to this. I force my hand over to the lever on the side of the machine, which appeared to be taunting me. It’s lights and horror movie little-kid-singing-or-jack–in–the–box (the reason i did that is because I was putting a space between every word, AND jack-in-the-box already has them too) seemed to violently clash against the darkness and dread of the outside world. I clenched the red metal ball with all my might. It was cold as Alaskan ice on a early winter morning, and its color was the blood of the many particles who had to go through with this also. I jerked my limb backwards, causing the huge metal pole to turn on a skewed axis. It came to a stop after turning a quarter of the way with a hard crack, like the crack of a whip. I refocused my attention to the screen. The cylinders were rolling faster than A grands prix racers tyre. Suddenly, the first one came to an abrupt halt. I stared at it, but struggled to read the letter because of my complete shock. H. It said H. I should have been happy, I know, but I wasn’t completely out of the woods yet. There was a tiny times two symbol beside it. I didn’t care. I pulled the arm again, not knowing what life-changing, devastating thing was to come. It spinning thing that doesn’t have a name stopped. O. No. It was the letter O! Now I too will have to live this tortuous fate! Do you think that water parties breathe? Because then, when they did, they would just be hydrogen for a very short amount of time. ENOUGH WITH THE WATER PARTICLES!! I have a conspiracy theory! You know those spinny poles that barbers have? Of course you do! They are probably used to hypnotise people into getting their hair cut there! #subSPINinalmessagesfromcruelbarbers. There is a haircut called “meet me at McDonald’s” that is BANNED where I live. goodbye. and remember… barbers are eevviill! I’m back! Did you know that palm trees aren’t actually trees? Yea, that’s right, palm TREES!!! I think that they’re bushes or something. That makes me angry! in section 6.02214129×10^23 of the rainbow fluffysheep handbook it says that trees are trees.. no matter how small (Horton hears a who). On a completely unrelated note, there was this old man who painted a baseball like infinite times so now it’s like the size of a truck. I was listening to this amazing radio station and this is ACTUALLY what it was about. I will try to rein-act it as accurately as possible. “Recently, a Russian double-agent was poisoned in England. Also, there was a man who had ten million euros, which he gambled until he got nine million of it back. he was so mad that he didn’t get it all, that he robbed his employers to get the money back. now he is a counsellor for people struggling with a gambling addiction. he’s a great lad, he is, he’s had a great life. By the way, its my mother in laws 100th birthday today! Go over to her house and say hello! I have her post code written on the back of my phone. Also, there was a man who invented the windup radio and the shoe phone charger who died this week.” I know what you’re thinking: there’s no way this actually happened, right? YES THIS WAS REAL! And I thought it was pretty funny hehehe. I need write all o the funny things that happen in my life in here. So today I was in the library, minding my own business, when I noticed someone was drawing cartoons and there were a whole bunch of little kids surrounding him (I’m guessing from ages 2-5). Classic movie plot device that never happens in real life, so I was already skeptical. He was drawing a zombie. “And now you see, the zombies chin is like a chimpanzees bubblecopter asparagus. (Wait what? Lets try this again) And now you see, the zombies chinos like a… Well… A line.””why does the zombie look like its from the Simpsons?””because real zombies are too scary for you kids. That’s why I’m not drawing the ones from the walking dead, for example.””I’ve seen that movie!””yeah me too!!””umm.. Ok, how many of you guys have seen the walking dead?”*everyone puts their hand up* the only reason I thought that story was funny is because that kind of thing only happens in movies. What’s up with the saying, ‘easy as pie’? Like what the hooey! Pie is really hard to make. The pie crust always ends up being soggy.’piece of cake’ is a saying too! What’s with all these people that think baking is easy! (Now that I think about it, this is a weird thing to be mad about). Maybe I just need to calm down. NOOOO!!! In section 888 of the rainbow fluffysheep handbook it says that the king of oddly colored farm animal (that’s me!) hereby declares that the sayings ‘easy as pie’ and ‘piece of cake’ are now changed to ‘easy as bread’ and ‘piece of bread’. I just realised that I was typing with my phone in portrait mode! Now I turned it into landscape and I feel so freeeeeee!!! I need to come up with other things that I do randomly… Like the rainbow fluffysheep hanbooks challenge booklet subset! If I am talking about some random subject, I will now randomly put a challenge for you, the reader (which probably doesn’t exist) to do! Piece of bread! In section 7 of the rainbow fluffysheep handbooks challenge booklet subset it STATES that your challenge is: get anyone you know to say piece of bread instead of piece of cake! (They probably won’t do it unless you tell them the reason (or you have really good friends)) i have to shorten the rainbow fluffysheep handbooks challenge booklet subset so that I don’t have to write the rainbow fluffysheep handbooks challenge booklet subset all of the time. From now on, it is considered TRFSHCBS. I probably news to add vowels to pronounce it. And take out ‘the’. RAFLUSHEHACHABOOS. Pronounced ra-fluh-shee-ha-cha-boo-s. that’ll work. I need to write more to fill my writer quota. That just sounded cool to say. I probably write about… 100 words a day. Well I started today at the zombie thing, so yea. What’s going to be the next big thing in the future? Technically, I’m writing this in the past, so you guys can email me at rainbowfluffysheep123@gmail.com and tell me what the future’s like! The only problem is that I will only receive it in the future. Another one of my BRILLIANT ideas gone down the tubes. Goodbye. The world is unjust! I worked for hours on end, making an app for a coding competition. And then they announced… We made it to the country finals! The COUNTRY! By that time, my app had over 5,000 downloads! It was amazing. But we came in second. Guess what the prize was for second?!?! TAKE A WILD GUESS!!!! NOTHING! This wouldn’t have been so bad, but at the competition they were giving away free stuff. And GUESS WHO GOT SAID FREE STUFF?!?! MY BROTHER, THAT’S WHO!!! So in the end, after spending half the year doing a competition, my brother, who did absolutely nothing, got more out of it then me. The world is unjust! Unfair! Prejudiced! Biased! Fascist! (Wait, that was autocorrected). I just needed to get my anger out. When I wrote autocorrected, it autocorrected it to autocorrect ex! That’s the last time i buy an apple product. How many devices companies are fruit? There’s apple obviously, and blackberry, and pear (I’ve seen pear shops in cities) and raspberries (as in the greatest computer of all time, raspberry pi). That could be the most expensive fruit salad ever! What would you like to order, moisuer? I’ll have the fruit salad. Oui, oui. Harold! That costs $5k! So? I bet it’s good! KSHHH and here’s how the skit would have went if I had autocorrect on. Why would you like to order, moisture? You guys have moisture in this restaurant? that’s not up to the code for restaurants. i’ll have to tell the building inspector! Oh yes, anyway, I’ll have the fruit salad. Out, out! Runnnn! I’m coming Harold! That waiter must have something about fruit salad! Maybe he had a bad experience as a child. Wow, I sure went off on a tangent. Do you think that it would be cool if apple made all their devices different fruit names! The iPad pro could be the watermelon, cause its so big. And the iPhone nano could be the strawberry (other berry names are trademarked) what else? A phone with a lot of space could be the peach, because the pit is like the hard-drive! (That was a bit far fetched) and the MacBook could be an orange because when you open it it it cut in the inside… Cuz laptops are like two parts… You know? (and if you cut a grape in half and put it in the microwave it will make plasma (just thought you’d like to know that)) Earbuds could be cherries because they always have the two cherries which are like the ear things! And they’d call the charger ‘The Root’. Why a great idea! I will let apple use these names and I only need a 0.00000000000001% share In the company. Even though I did work hard at this. I just thought of something amazing! If you are in a shop and you see a jar of nondescript sauces (mayacamole) and it costs two bucks. TWO BUCKS!!! You know for a FACT that the shop just across town sells them for one-fifty. The shop is five minutes away. If you choose to go to the shop, then you my friend are working for minimum wage! (Except in the case that you have to walk back. If so, just buy the mayacamole at the former option( or just get salsa. It’s on sale! (Which probably means that its old))) wasn’t that interesting? Here’s another situation. You are buying a $400,000 home (average price right now I’d say) and you think “what a steal!” And your neighbour thinks “where did i put that shotgun cartridge again? But is you think about it you are working for 1,667 weeks to pay for that! (Assuming 8 hours a day, five days a week at minimum wage) That’s 32 YEARS! Let’s say you work for 12 hours a day, seven days a week for $20 an hour, that’s still 238 weeks! That’s still five years! Just buy a camper van for goodness sake! I just got to thinking; how many tiny changes would a cereal company have to make to earn twice as much from a box of cereal? (Assuming people still bought the same amount ( I think I can trust the general population)) it turns out that if we want to double the profits by decreasing things by ten percent, we would have to do it seven times. Which means instead of selling these cornflakes: Box height: 1 meter; Box length: 1 meter; Box width: 1 meter; Percent of cornflake that is cornflake ( not air): 100%; Percent of box filled with bag: 100%; Percent of bag filled with cornflakes: 100%; Production cost: 10 cents; they could sell these: Box height, width & length: 0.9 meters; Percent of cornflake that is cornflake ( not air): 90%; Percent of box filled with bag: 90%; Percent of bag filled with cornflakes: 90%; Production cost: 9 cents; they would make double the profits! Hooray! Well that’s that. You know how people always have weird names on the interweb? Well I came up with Internet name generator! (Random adjective)(Random noun)(Use a deck of cards for this part. Take out the jokers and face cards, and tens are now zeros. Pick out numbers until you get a club) additional things include: (pick a card. If it is three or lower, put X at the start and end)(pick a card. If it is an ace, replace noun with random country. If it is a two, replace noun with Internet related company + fan.) let me try this. Here is what I got: FoulSoup31, XxInternalAle10xX, StrengthenedFillet49458, MediocreElectrode20, and EpicRedditFan7515. That was a lot more accurate than I thought it would be. Bye. Hello! I need to rant more! I am going to start a sentence without knowing where it is leading. I wish I could buy a mocha for my clown pants while aliens eat your toes which glisten in the sliver of wind. That was fun. Why is orange so popular? There are SO MANY WORDS that don’t rhyme with other words too, like engine, silver and angry (hangry isn’t a real word as far as I know). And people know that orange rhymes with “door hinge”! Some people say that doesn’t count. But there is another! Sporangia! Well, it’s pretty close. I think it’s like fern spores. Well remember, whenever you see the color orange, type #boycottorange, so people stop taking pictures of orange things. For Halloween, people will carve watermelons instead of pumpkins. Trump will no longer be president because of his orange skin. Oranges (the fruit) will be replaced by reds! (The soon to be fruit). The sun will disappear, or if we want to not go extinct, just change its color to blue. I have a map of Europe on my wall, which has the countries in different colors. BEWARE IF YOU LIVE IN: The UK, Spain, Hungary, Latvia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Greece, Denmark and Armenia. You guys will soon disappear off the face of the earth. And my favourite pop is club orange! Nooooo! And Jupiter will disappear too! Now that I think about it, losing orange things wouldn’t be that bad compared to other colors. Like blue. We would lose water, blue paint, the second book in the Rust comic book series, the sky, Pluto and that one triple angry bird. That would be awful. In section 255 of the rainbow fluffysheep handbook it STATES that the king of oddly colors farm animals (me again) will never make all blue things disappear, but he may make all orange things disappear. Now you guys don’t have to worry! :)! Why are kings higher than queens in a deck of cards? That’s really sexist! People think that king is worth thirteen and queens are worth twelve! (If you can’t tell, I’m mocking that people that get offended by everything). Why do vegetarians worry about hurting animals, but not plants!?!? Plants have feelings too (I think)! In fact, vegetarians kill MORE than carnivores. Instead of a whole family eating a chicken, if they are all vegetarians, then they will probably kill hundreds of plants! Think about THAT, people! In this whole LoTeEv, I have probably offended a lot of you guys. Sorry bout that. In section 1029384756 of the rainbow fluffysheep handbook it says that if the mug of oddly colored farm animals (me again) offends any reader, he is sincerely sorry *citation not needed because of section 12345679 of the RFSH*. Why are the money symbols not consistent? Like there’s €uros, ¥en and £ounds. But why $ollars? Maybe it’s supposed to be dollar$. That makes more sense. Now I won’t get that nervous eye twitch every time I see that symbol. “Hey look, I just found this ten dollar bill on the ground! Hey why the flop is he doing that?” “It’s just… a Thing that he does…” “Oh.” “I have a great idea for this! Whenever he gets near money his eye twitches! That means we can find money on the ground just by watching him!” And that’s how I lost all my friends. It turns out that was the only reason they liked me. Wait what is this ?? That is so ?eird. Goodbye. I’m back! Hahahaha gotcha! I was just kidding about that. But you would have never known that! I’m going to try to make words using only the top row of letters. Hmmmm… Lets see. Tip, rip, port, type, write, writer, typewriter. Fascinating. I’m going to make a fake movie trailer. Using only words. Here we go: [Have you ever…]{scene of old woman churning milk}[wanted to…]{scene of older woman churning what is now cream(the reason she is older is not because it is a different person, but because we filmed it after}[churn your own butter?!?!]{scene of even older woman churning what is now butter (the reason she is even older is because we got a new actor because the other one retired (she used to put tires on her vehicle, and now she does it again))}[This is a great movie, if you are an IDIOT][“this is a great movie”][i had popcorn while I watched this movie, and I really enjoyed it, it soothed the pain of having to watch that movie][“I really enjoyed it, it really soothed”][i actually really enjoyed the movie!][wait… What? You know we’re not paying you guys right? Oh. Anyway, “I actually really enjoyed the movie!”][while being on an oil rig?!?!]{well… No, but anyway (shows a picture of an old woman churning butter which is thick and black and worth a lot more than butter)}[Coming soon to you][this summer][and fall][and winter as well][lets just add spring too][The Lard of the Rigs] That was actually fun! {Warning: if you use this movie name you will BE SUED actually now that I think about it you probably won’t. In fact, if you DO actually make this into a movie, send it to me} Do you guys think I’m random enough? I really hope so! In section 5647382910 of the RAFLUSHE – I can’t remember. That challengey things name. But anyway, make that movie. Plz. I’m board. And not just any old barn-wood planks, mind you, but a board of fine stained oak as the flooring in the White House. By!!! I’m back! No, just kidding, I’m front! I have a topic that I’m actually very serious about. Puzzles. Am I the only one that thinks that puzzles are the most useless thing in the world?!?! That’s like the PROOF that the human race have made it too far. When we actually make challenges that we have to face OURSELVES, AND WE PAY FOR THEM! We are literally paying to give ourselves problems! We have enough problems! Well at least I do ;). Probprobprobprobleeeeeemsomomo! I’m going to type something about politics to sound super cool. As you know, recently president Obama (That was like years ago) oh… Sozsozsoz. As you know, recently president Nixon (no, that’s not exactly right) Oh yea, I forgot. As you know, recently president Lincoln (ARGH! We are not doing this anymore) was a president before Donald (finally) Duck! (Nooooo! It’s TRUMP) What? No! You think you’re SOOO smart person who talks in the brackets. Actually, trump is a businessman in that show where he says YOU’RE FIRED!!! What, you probably also think that a bodybuilder actor that says “GEAT TOUW THAE CHAEOPPAER” is a governor too!?! Hahahaha… Donald Duck was a great president. His slogan was “I will fight for american democrats” and he bathes in gold. What a great job. Money is so dirty though! Now that I think about it, he probably gets the money wholesale from the mint. Or else, how could he afford it?! I have a new segment in my text now! It’s called the “Random Fun Fact” segment! (Now that I think about it, I never know when to use those “. I think it’s “” when someone is talking and ” for saying something sarcastically or shortening a word. For example: “Hello there Chuckie! How’ya doing ‘nice guy’. Were you being sarcastic? Yes, but how could you see the little apostrophes when I’m talking to you?… Science.” And that’s how they work) where was I? Random fax! I will send all of my readers a fax with has facts on in! How brilliant! The facts of the paragraph are… Ice cream was invented in china, something that is ‘blue’ (got it right there!) Is actually every color BUT blue, and I like cheese. And the country of the paragraph is… Mexico! Why not, right? Did you ever wonder how records work? (Just in case you don’t know, a record is a thingy where you put a round black thing on a majig and it puts a sharp whatchamacallit on that and funny rhythmic sound emerge and tickle your ear holes) I know how they WORK, with ridges and diaphragms and blah Blah BLah BLAh BLAH… But how do they WORK?!?! Like who was sitting there in their layzboy having diet Pepsi (or popsee to avoid copyright infringement (and that’s when I checked my forehead, and sure enough, there was a mint there)) And then they realise… Hey! Bumpy things can make sounds! I just can’t get my head around it (clockwise is my preference). Do you ever wonder what the worst collections are in the world? I currently collect words, pins and the “to kill a mockingbird” series (not much work ( besides the fact that I have to give them (it) back to the library by tomorrow morning ( the last time I will ever bring a library book late again is when I borrowed the book entitled ‘How to sharpen a pencil for dummies’ (Don’t blame me! It was the ‘Extended and revised’ edition! They had all the technical ‘lead vs. graphite’ stuff added.) an they called out my name over the loudspeaker telling me to return the book immediately or I would be fired (yes, I worked at the library (I never could figure out the Dewey decimal system)). Now that I think about it, they never said what book to bring, they just said my name. Oh no, I never handed in the ‘how to sharpen a pen for dummies’ book! (Which I rate a 3/5, “would not borrow again” because of its poor layout and overall structure (although the information was altogether helpful)) what collections do YOU have reader? Find out next time on “deer or no deer!” (Remember forehead sweets) oh no! I wrote how to kill a mocking bird! I meant ‘pow do gill hamma (hammer) king turd’. Phew. Got outta that one. I have a new topic! A high-quality, name-brand, box-not-bag topic! I figured out a great business plan! Make onsies! Not just out of clothes, but out of everything! Like: Did you eat two bowls of granola this morning? Well ONSIE! [poured granola into one bowl, causing it to be crushed under its own weight] do you have two hands? Well ONSIE! [handshakes himself] Do you have twins? Well ONSIE! [wait… How is this supposed to work?] Get yours now at your local Amazon (which might not be very accessible if you don’t live in South America) for a free trial! *happy tune* Onsie, Onesie! Life is better with a onsie. Spin a web, less than two. ONSIE! (I think that was to the tune of Spider-Man (I mean Smiter-Can) Onsies only cost… Whatever you want them to cost! Yeah, I think i’m going to go now. Baiii! Wait.. What? When did i wrote that ONSIE thing?? I just came back and I do not remember doing that. What the hat does ‘Spin a web, less than two” even mean? That is some weird stuff. So today I listened to that radio station again, and it was totally worth it. He was talking about these married people in Germany that are going to a Walking Dead convention for their 17th anniversary. Weird. Weird, weird, WEIRD!!! You know guitar tuna? Probably not. It is an app where you tune your guitar (obviously). I thought of how they could make so much more money! If they had bass tuna, electric guitar tuna, acoustic guitar tuna. BUT THEY WOULD ALL BE THE SAME THING!!! They would make so much money! Wait. What about canned tuna! (Also, if they thought in that way, then bass tuna would be extremely perplexing because they are both fish). Well, that’s my stuff for today! Hallo! I’m back! And I don’t get house decorations nowadays. People put old stuff in their house, and they think it makes it look amazing! People always talk about that ‘Vintage Look’ which is just putting old stuff that people fifty years ago would have said “why do you have a *fill in the blank with an old thing* in your HOUSE?!?!” In their house. I should rant. Like what I’m doing now. I’m just talking about random things just like the flaming chicken person does just to fill up space on the page. I should also write long words like pnumonoultramicrkscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis and disestablishmentarianism . Actually, since it only matters for words count, I should just type really small words. Hi, my name is jo. (Its not actually, but I need to type small words). I eat a lot of pie and I love it too. It is yum in my tum. Wow that was probably really boring to read (and to write). Hello there, reader! I’ve just decided that I want to talk to you. I always seem to do all of the talking, but maybe I should give you a chance! *really really long drawn out super weird and uneventful awkward silence*. Oh I see what’s happening. Either you can’t talk to me because you are in the future and I’m in the past, causing us to not be able to communicate due to the sad reality that is the third dimension, or… Your trying to talk to me on a walkie-talkie! I could never figure out those things either. They’re so confusing. Lets see… Oh, there it is! The ‘walkie-talkie almanac: a complete collection of all the knowledge YOU will need to acquire (did you know acquire is also a board game? If you are ever playing, always buy America, and then buy quantum stocks (well it worked that one time I played (are you saying that games are DIFFERENT every time you play them!?!? (That’s the last time I mesmerise fifty-three rounds of go fish))) to use your very own… WALKIE-TALKIE! (well what else would the walkie-talkie almanac be about!?!?) lets see… Contents… It says the contents page is on page 1… Wait – WHAT?!?! The contents page has a line for the contents page! That’s like a website having a link to itself! (Which is not a bad idea for my own website to get a lot of views (like I could a a tab on my website called “the best sites on the web! And I would have links to places like YouTube and twitter (or whatever you young’uns go to these days! When I was a lad I used to play ‘Pokémon Pearl’ and ‘Facebook’ now you kids are all on her newfangled ‘Pokémon Go get outta here’ and yer ‘SnapperChatters’ (i bet if you are reading this in ten years you won’t know that I was talking about Pokemon go and snapchat (or how I got from talking to you to young ones (btw: if you are reading this in 2028 or beyond: welcome to the distant past! (Now that in think about it, I started reading the longest text ever by ‘Sam’ (real readers will know who that is) when it was about ten years too! And I don get the references to stuff like ‘neopets’ and ‘The Matrix’))))))) Okay where is it… Oh there; it says that the ‘pretty much how to use it’ section is on page -3! Well thats eas- how do I go to page -3! Lets see… Oh look! They have a ‘how to go to negative pages section too! It’s on page -7. Noooo!! I guess I’ll just look it up on the Internet. Ok first you have to turn the book into antimatter… Ok got that done… Now just turn to the page without the negative! Well that was easy. I’m on page 7 now. It says all you have to do is convert the book into an antimatter form and- hey this sounds familiar! I’ll go to page three now. It says here, and I quote: “to use the walkie talkie, hold in that little button on the side o the walkie talkie”. Did you that reader! Can you try talking to me now? Oh yes! I can hear you! Oh wait, I’m on the wrong station. I’m on number five, but your on number six. I have to click a button to change my station number! Too much work. Do you think I’m crazy because I talk to myself? I’m not! Yes you are. I am not! Isn’t talking to yourself the DEFINITION of crazy? I’m not talking to myself. The who do you think I am? Oh yea. I’m your imaginary friend, RatGuy! Don’t you remember me! No. Oh *sniffle* well *odd breathing patterns* we *tear emerging from eyeball* used *pure weeping* to- I CAN’T TALK TO YOU WHEN YOUR CRYING BECAUSE YOU KEEP INTERRUPTING YOURSELF! Technically, since you’re talking to yourself your also interrupting your self. I guess I am. Continue, RatGuy. As I was saying: we used to skate around on a skateboard together. We would have so much fun doing tricks that other kids could have only DREAMED of, like the ‘ground ollie’ and the ‘down-the-curb’. We moved at speeds that the other kids couldn’t even begin to imagine. 90% the speed of light. But RatGuy?

Yes? If sewers moving at 90%!• the speed of light, would the air compression deflecting us not cause us do develop into an expanding plasma fireball. This is a story, Writer. Stories don’t have to ‘work’. I NEED TO STOP!!! I keep writing all this nonsensical blubber and I can’t stop. Are you, the reader not so confused and uncomprehensive of what I’ve just been typing to the last hour!?!? Oh wait, you can’t tell me if you were or not, your walkie-talkie isn’t on the same channel as mine. I just realised something. I work hard to you guys trying to give you quality topics and extra-special rants. And how do people repay me? By writing more than me!!! I spend all day thinking about things that i want to put into this, and then I type it all up! And then I see that people want quantity, not quality! But no! You loyal readers will have to deal with me not writing 500 words a day, because I’m thinking of things and stuff. I was just thinking, I need complain about my life more. That’s what all the people are doing nowadays. “Oh, my life is so hard, I just broke a fingernail!” BIG DEAL! “Oh, my life is hard too, i just broke a finger” BUG REAL! ” oh my life is mildy uncomfortable and difficult, I broke all of my fingers, toes, limbs, necks, mothers vases, favourite Guinness book of world records records, my most-used language rules, that kinda stuff. Just in case you didn’t realise, I’m an introvert. So I have lots of problems with… People. And my guess is that you do too! So here are some crucial situations for you to read and laugh at me because you know I can’t hear you! 1: You know when your talking to someone and you can’t figure out what part of their face to look at? Is it their eyes, or their nose, or their mouth? So then you kinda unfocus your eyes and stare in the middle of their face, like your looking right through them? And then they finished talking and you have no idea what they just said? CUZ THAT HAPPENS TO ME ALL THE TIME! 2: when your talking to someone and they are saying important stuff, but instead of listening to what they’re saying your just saying yes whenever they stop talking for a little bit? 3: when you are going into a building and there are people behind you, and you can’t figure out if you should hold the door open for them or not? If you don’t and they’re too close, It will probably hit him/her in the face but if you do and they’re to far, its really awkward because you are just standing there for a really long time. Have any of these things happened to you? Leave your answer in the comment section below! (There actually isn’t one, I can’t figure that much out). Hedgehogs must find it really hard to have birthdays! If they have lots of balloons everywhere, they probably pop them; the police come because they think that its gunshots, and there goes all the hedgehogs friends. I’m sure glad I’m now a hedgehog! In section 333 of the rainbow fluffysheep handbook it says that free pop-proof balloons will be sent to any hedgehogs in need. Well goodbye, I’m off to slay a fantastic fedora fanatic! But before I go, I have to ask one thing. Did you really make it this far? Because if you have, the you have been promoted from herder of the rainbow fluffysheep to shearer of the rainbow fluffysheep. It’s a title only few in the world have. Did you know I also make comics? Probably not, because I haven’t posted any yet! Well stay tuned for them someday. What’s up with everyone wanting to deep fry things? Deep fried mars bars, deep fries cool aid! Well I’ve come up with a new food type! ‘Shallow fried’ available at all good pharmancy checkout lines beside the mayacamole and the taco sauce. (That sounds really good!(jut i case you didn’t know, mayacamole is mayo and guacamole combined. Doesn’t that sound MAGICALLY DELICIOUS!!!( I think it does))) shallow fried stuff has half the fat, uses half the ‘deep fry juice’ (whatever they put in there) and has have the flavour! For twice the price! Even though we never had an original price. Whatever. Do you know what’s the worst? Trying to buy computer – related things in charity shops. I was at value village, and I saw a USB. It was 64 gigabytes! That’s pretty good (I bet if your are reading this in the distant future than you think that a 64 gigabyte USB is awful. Well it isn’t in this day and age) I thought, so I went to buy it. It’s only two bucks! Wow, what a steal. I looked closer at it and that’s when I realised. It said 64 MEGABYTES!!! DO YOU KNOW HOW LITTLE THAT IS! if you are from the distant future than you are probably thing ‘that’s like nothing’ and you’d be right. It can only store like 60 million letters! That’s only 15 million words! That’s only a million sentences! That’s only 200,000 paragraphs! That’s only 20,000 chapters! That’s only 1,000 Books! That’s only 250 quadrilogies! Now that I think about it, 250 quadrilogies isn’t that bad. If you couldn’t tell, I used a method called Fermi Estimation, though a little more precise. In Fermi Estimation, you can be off by 100x in either direction and it doesn’t really matter. According to Fermi Estimation, this is me. Age: 10 Number of eyes: 1 Social Security Number: 1000000 PIN code: 1000 number of limbs: 1 people in my family: 1 (forever alone). That’s why I like Fermi Estimation. I actually didn’t tell you why I like it. Oh well. Where I live, they use blackcurrant in everything. It’s pretty much a replacement for grape. But am I the only one who thinks that grape flavoured things taste way better? Whenever I get something blackcurrant flavoured I offer it someone, because they usually like it (and I hate it). Works well for me!! I was just thinking about tides. Way back in the day, wouldn’t tides make no sense? The sea would just get higher and lower and there was no reasoning behind it. Maybe that’s why they thought sea monsters existed. No what I think about it though, the moon pulling on the water is kinda even crazier than that. And now for a commercial break. Kshhhhhh – Tacos…… I LOVE EM! And you can to for only ten easy payments of ten bucks! (That’s deer by the way) tacos can make you feel fuzzy in the inside. That’s because of the mould that comes FREE with every purchase! And there’s no artificial additives either! (We did that by adding so many additives that instead of adding it to the taco, we were technically adding the taco to the additives). What are you waiting for! I’m waiting for this commercial to end so I can get paid! Call now at 1800-GOT-PUNK to order a taco from Teddys Tacos (or would it be Teddies) and you will get a free rent-a-friend with your purchase! But there’s more! Order now and get a free Ferrari too! Oh it seems our lines are down its too late. They’re back up again! But it’s too late! I use too many exclamation marks! But there’s more! Be the 7.8×10^9 customer to order to get a free home with your choice of a happy meal toy! KSHHHHHH . I think that people complain about preservatives way to much. They all say “oh, it’s SOOOO unhealthy” but I think that month-past-the-expiration-date-food is way more unhealthy. The end of that. Goodbye.Do you do two extra languages in school? If so you will know what I mean. Every time I have to study for one language, I ALWAYS remember the word from the other language! Like when I’m learning Japanese I’ll think what was ‘how are you’ again? Oh yea, it’s frickin ÇA VA!!! (Sorry if I’m being too edgy) in section 250q4 of the Rainbow Fluffysheep handbook it states that English is the best language and no one should be forced to learn any other. If they are, they must fill up a bath tub with alpabits which spell out the word that they uttered and eat all of it without any sugar sprinkled on top (NOOOOO). That sounded a little bit cliché. GO TO THE TUB YOUNG MAN! ok. Well, that’s all I got for today. See ya! I’m back here again! Another hour of my life will be wasted in the next few… Minutes? That previous (the auto correct is so bad on this phone it corrected previous to peeler oohs) sentence made no sense whatsoever. I have a conspiracy for you guys today! (Or 4 U Guys 2Day if I want to sound ‘Hip’). Don’t worry, it’s not as long as that Illuminati one (although I was thinking about doing another one of those soon. So stay tuned!). I think school is a scam! Have you ever noticed that everyone says that the government is trying to brainwash people? Well the LAST place you would think to look for that kind of activity is a government-funded learning program! The government is trying to teach people nonsense to make the population stupid. Like when will I ever need to know about the themes and plot devices in To Kill A Mockingbird? Or how to calculate the area under a curve? Or even that in 1812 a war happened that doesn’t affect me today! They could be teaching us important things, like how to pay bills, how to get a job, how to overthrow the government and all political world leaders for entire globe domination, how to use bendy straws, you know, the IMPORTANT STUFF! (By the way, one of those things was not like the others). That was my conspiracy. I don’t think that anyone has actually read to this far. I don’t actually have any proof that anyone has. But if you have, here is proof. A tiny quiz to test how well you really know this LoTeEv. Email all the answers to me atrainbowflufysheep123@gmail.com, for a chance to win a response from me and a chance to tell me what you think of this site! (Actually, no matter what I will respond though) Lets get started. Question 1: what emoji is ‘creepy’? Question 2: what type of plant will i make America covered in when I become president? Question 3: fill in he blank. Jumping _____ ate many jars containing marmalade. Question 4: what is the worst molecule to be? Question 5: how many tiny changes to a cereal box do you need to make it half the price? Question 6: what did i rate the book entitled ‘how to sharpen a pen for dummies’? Question 7: what page is the ‘how to go to negative pages’ section on in the walkie-talkie almanac? Question 8: what year was the brand new ford mustang bike? Question 9: what is ‘a fun game on the PlayStation 2’ Question 10: what food was described as ‘ok, Bob’? If you got all of those questions right than you are a true reader of the LoTeEv! And you get a prize! If you send me your answers at rainbowfluffysheep123@gmail.com, you will get your name mentioned in this LoTeEv? (I mean, if you want). If your like me and have a lonely YouTube channel with five views because you watched it five times, the his is the prize for you! Anyway, enough with that. An i the only person that thinks buying name brand stuff is dumb? People are pretty much PAYING to advertise a company. People want the logo for the company because it looks ‘cool’. What if you bought a shirt from The Dump? Would you want it to have a ‘The Dump’ logo on it? (Actually, I have no idea what point I was trying to make). I once heard a saying: you aren’t popular if you spend a thousand dollars on a jacket, but you at if the company that makes it spend a thousand dollars for you to wear it. (Now that I think about it i feel like I may have possibly made that up). You get what I’m saying though? I hope you do. Well, that’s my stuff for today. See ya! I’m back! And do I got stuffs to say! Do you personally know ANYONE who uses exercise balls for their intended purpose? Either we play soccer with them, or we bowl with them, or we throw them really hard at people. Now that I think about it for a little bit, what IS an exercise balls intended purpose? I’ll leave that question for you guys to figure out! Have you heard about that new law that teachers are allow to have guns in schools? I don’t know what your opinion is on that subject, but I think it’s an awful idea, at least in my school. For reference, here is a clip of a conversation between my construction and my English teacher. I will name the construction teacher mr. Hardy and the English teacher ms. Poema: “hey ms. Poema, have you heard about that new ‘teachers are allowed to have guns in school’ law?” “In fact I have mr. Hardy” ” I can’t wait to have mine. I’m gonna get one of the big ones too, so I can take down the whole class in one go.” “I’m gonna get one of those little ones that you can hide in your sock” “but then you’ll have to take down the students one at a time!” Now I’m no ‘expert’ on education, but is it even LEGAL for teachers to say stuff like that? I thought it was funny, but what if there was a new student at school that day, and they thought that the teachers were psychos!?!? The students already there are used to their teachers being like that though. I have more evidence that the teachers here are crazy! One day my brother borrowed a camera from the school, and Mr. Hardy (what a coincidence) had to collect it from him when he was done. Mr. Hardy said that if he didn’t bring back the camera by tomorrow, he would have to emigrate to a Muslim country where he would be covered from head to toe, and Mr. Hardy would personally be sent from the school board to seek him out and assassinate him! It’s just a camera, calm down Mr. Hardy. And the NEXT day he went up to him and said he must have brought the camera back, or else he would be hiding in the trenches of Afghanistan!!! And that’s why I didn’t do construction in school (and because I wasn’t good at it). That’s enough about my CrAzY life. Bye!!! It’s been a REALLY long time (like a week). And I just thought of something great. Isn’t cereal actually a soup? Well now you’re going to be thinking about that for the rest of your life :). I’m going to addition to the RFSRQP (the Rainbow FluffySheep Rhetorical Questions Page). Also to be added: Are there more hard things or soft things in the world? What is the average size of a rock? What is the meaning of life? Does nine plus ten truly equal twenty-one? Why do whales have blowholes? What colour is the dress? How long is a Fortnite? How long is a PUBG? How is plastic made from oil? How is oil made from dead stuff? Why do people eat Cheetos if they get that orange dust everywhere? Why do people celebrate pi day but not tau day? These are all important question you need to ask yourself. I know the answer to one of them. It’s because it sounds like pie, if half of pi was called Kaek, they would probably celebrate It too. I’m sorry to say guys, but I have finally and truly decided to stop writing this LoTeEv. I have to pursue other things, like my life. Goodbye forever…. — … APRIL FOOLS!!! HAHAHA! APRIL FOOLS FOOL! Today is April Fools day and I have so many ideas. So far these are my dubious schemes: I have turned only one corner of my brothers Rubik’s cube to render it unsolvable (the only way is to take it apart), put the movie in the DVD player upside down so it doesn’t play, and I stole my brothers Easter egg (as I say it now that last one doesn’t really seem like a prank). But he got me back, because he: put an avocado in the coffee maker, tied a air refreshener to the door so when you open it it sprays everywhere, and threatened me with a knife that turned out to just be a comb. Isn’t it great? I have a weird family. Hey! We were all LIED to in kindergarten! Remember you teacher always used to say to you “remember children, I before E, except after C!” We’ll you were SCAMMED! Take the word ‘weird’ as an example. See what wrong here!?!? It has the I AFTER E, and not after C! Now if you don’t trust the school system then I don’t know what your doing with your brain. You should go on strike! I just fit in the second ‘piece’ of the puzzle! When I was little, I use to always say “if it rhymes its true”. That was like my motto! And secretly, you could manipulate any sentence to succumb to the malevolent power of that prestigious rule. You could say “broccoli is bad, so they say; and it rhymes so it is true today!” But then you could ALSO say “ice-cream is good, so they say; and it rhymes so it is true today!”. See what I did there? I thought that it was GENIUS! Until it got used against me. All I had to do was change the rule to “it’s true if it rhymes, but only sometimes”. And that worked perfectly. Fun Fact Of The Paragraph: Leicester is actually not pronounced lay-ches-ter. It’s les-ter. That makes no sense whatsoever! I still thought you would like to know that. I have a great idea! I should talk about my middle school! Ah, way back in the day that was. When I was a wee 13 year old lad. There used to be this bench at the school where people would go to make a friend. I think people were supposed to come and invite them to play a game. But what REALLY happened is that people would just walk past and shout “Loner!!!” Whenever someone was sitting there. And they were henceforth called ‘the loner benches’. It’s a cruel world we live in. Also, there were bushes with really long leaves that we used to make bows there too. We would tie it to a stick, and then we sharpened another stick to use as an arrow. We must have had five bows and fifty arrows at the time. We hid them all under a tree, so no one would steal them. Until one day, some random person ran in stole a bow and arrow, and SHOT IT AT A TEACHER. And that’s how THAT ended. Now that I think about this school, I don’t think we ever really learned anything there. Also, herb is pronounced erb. Weird stuff, right? I have a very important, strange question for you. Why are there so many fast food restaurants that are exactly the same? What’s the point? Ask yourself that question 5 – 7 times a day, 3 – 4 times a week, 2 – 4 times a month, 12 times a year. ( You can take leap day off if you want ( although if you do you might find yourself in a Burger King contemplating life ( while also contemplating if $3.99 for 6 chicken wings is better than $6.99 for 10 ( and if the ketchup packets are free with a soft drink ( and if you ask that If the employee will look at you with utter bewilderment ( has this ever happened to you? You are squirting your ketchup into your coke when you realise… How much do I put in!?!? I read on reddit to put 2.3 packets per 7.9 ounces of coke, and a kilogram is 2.2 pounds, so that mean 5.4 packets per kilometre per hour (ppkph) and there is 39 miles in a light nano-second and… AHHHHHHH!!! Well try the new pre-mixed ketchoke! It has that perfect flavour, time after time! Ketchoke: not copyrighted! ( warning: you might choke))))))). In Europe m&m’s are actually really healthy. Believe it or not, there are like six vegetables in one bag of m&m’s. Instead of using dyes like red133 and blue423, they use stuff like beetroots. Isn’t that amazing / awful depending on what type of person you are. In land of the lost one of the characters is eating a donut filled with m&m’s and another person asks what he’s doing. He says “I’m eating a donut filled with m&m’s so I don’t have to eat m&m’s after I eat my donut”. I thought you would like to know that fun fact. I have a conspiracy! OWLS ARE TRYING TO MAKE US DUMB! People always say owls are wise! But how wise can someone be who has six toes!!! Six is equal to half a dozen. The reason I think owls are dumb is because I HATE when people say half a dozen. WHAT A BIG WASTE OF TIME! I AM SO ANGRY AND THAT IS WHY I AM USING CAPITAL LETTERS!!! Half a dozen is FOUR SYLLABLES, and six is only one. So when someone says half a dozen, I just think “oh wow, you’re just TRYING to waste my time” “during that .5 of a second you spent saying that I could have twiddled my thumbs 3,4 times, or seen every main Naruto character in a 60 FPS environment, or listen to the first two notes of crazy frog”. Now that I think about it, during the time I made that rant about half a dozen loathing, I could have listened to the first THREE notes of crazy frog (Duh DUH duh. Skip ahead to the chorus of that song.. CRAZY FROG!!!) Hello. I have a topic for you today. I was having a dream and in it there was a pink sticky note. already fascinating! But on it was handwriting… THAT I COULDNT READ. How could my brain write words that i couldn’t even read??? Life makes no sense. Or as AntVenom would say; LIFE makes NO SENSE?! Fun fact of the paragraph: 2 to 3 times a week is almost the same as every 2 or 3 days. Wahoo! Next time you buy a freddo or a banana-flavoured-freddo choco bar then remember… Eat it every 2 or 3 weeks or 2 or 3 times a day! (Wait thats not right…) actually – JUST EAT YOUR FREDDO!! And now a special announcment: this is a shoutout to the Not Very Helpful Secrets Of Things Corporation! Or the NVHSOTC. Which means nothing. It is a company which makes things like the little tabs at the sides of cling film boxes. No-one knows about these things, but they ‘help’ people. Also, they make things like handles on flashlights that double as a stand so the poor little electrons burst into the sky helplessly, uselessly. Without this company, the world would simply not be the same!!! If donate ?5 to this company, or $4.815162342 (i hope those dollars dont get LOST in the mail hehehe) then you can save a turkey from strep throat. The end. GOODBYE!!! If you have made it this far into the official LoTeEv, then you get the official Rainbow FluffySheep Badge of Honour!!! (Um, this isnt a badge… Its just a piece of plastic with your face on it!! Go ahead, put it on your lappel next to your badge of boy scouts for not being sexist and letting girls into boy scout (speaking of this: they changed Canada’s national anthem from “all thy sons command” to “All thy peoples command”. Why would they do that? Did the ‘a’ REALLY need to be capitalised??) but how can i if there is nothing to stick it with? Would you like a knife perhaps? No, anything else! I haven’t trusted you with knives ever since you tried to butter your toast and ended up slicing Milly the Cat’s third whisker to the left. Actually, i don’t NEED this badge. Don’t worry! Take this – sqquuiisshh – (takes gum from mouth (tutti frutti flavour coincidentally (actually not coincidentally because this is fictional and i made it up to emulate the story (and it is altogether irrelevant anyway (some gum says its good for your teeth, so i guess it is coinci-DENTAL! (Hahahaha (the reason i picked tutti frutti is because is is multicoloured like rainbows (as in Rainbow Fluffysheep (pretty smart if (you ask me (now I’m just adding brackets for no reason)))))))))))) I DONT NEED THE BADGE! Besides, i don’t even have a lapel. Goodbye! Hello! Do you think that you are a professional guitar player? Well if yes, let me prove you wrong. A professional guitar player can play any children’s song, right? Well try playing teddy bear picnic! Its total chord count consists of… Brace yourself … SIXTEEN! Bye! Welcome back loyal fan of the Rainbow FluffySheep club! You have been here through my hardest struggles, and my most euphoric discoveries. Merci! Now, onto the real problem at hand… Pedals! (I guess that would be a problem at foot actually). Car pedals are so wierd because there is a brake, clutch and gas. I always thought that there was a forwards and a backwards! (Well, until like five years ago). Sad how this world has to make simple things so complicated. There must be THOUSANDS of buttons on a plane, when all it needs is up, down, right, left, forwards, backwards, cupholder eject, radio station changer, barrel roll, mince meat dispenser and two parachutes just for the captain because they don’t care about the passengers. Don’t you hate it when you are typing a list with commas and you get to the last word of the list and you realise you forgot to put an and before it?!?! E.g. The colours of a rainbow are red, orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo, violet (oh no i was supposed to put an and there) indigo AND violet. There ya go, a real FWP (First World Problem (theres so many abbreviations nowadays that eventually theres going to be no words, just abbreviations)). Isn’t it weird that the ukelele strings aren’t in order? It goes Ding dong Dong DING. I wonder how that got invented? It was probably some smart guy inventing an ultra-efficient stringed-instumentplaying device when his dumb friend walks up and says what does this knob do? And the he goes BWOWOWOWOW. Yep, i guarantee you thats how it happened. Are you in a car right now and you are bored AND its raining? Pick a raindrop on the window and race it against another one. It’s great! Or you could just keep reading this, which is probably even MORE great. You could just read this forever. If you ever get to the end, then that means you are reading faster than I’m typing. Which is actually really easy. Right now I’m at the end of this LoTeEv. There is nothing but an endless abyss of void past these very words. Until i write more, that is. Do you know what is a great topic to ruin your fail routine? What makes me not sleep at night. And the answer may surprise you… BLANKETS. Thunk about it. The fully stuff in the inside is FEATHERS. DUCK FEATHERS. They kill the duck!!! Or they just skin him. But have you ever seen a featherless duck?? Exactly. Skinning them would probably be worse then killing them. Thy would be so ashamed to walk in public featherless. Unless they live in a hot country like spain, in which case the featherless ducks are the cool ones. Noooo!!! I just realised that blankets actually are made of weird fluffy stuff, while PILLOWS are made of feathers. So actually pillows are what keep me awake at night. But they also keep me asleep because thats their job. Its a PARADOX!!! Like Shrödeners cat. Im always half awake and half asleep at the same time. Although I’m closer to asleep at school. Because they don’t have pillows. If you cant sleep, i have a game for you, yes YOU. Scribble on a page, then colour in the spaces with two alternating colours so the colours aren’t touching. It looks so cool too. I have a consiracy. ICE-CREAM!!! It hurts SO MUCH!!! The government has hidden tiny knives inside of ice-cream to STAB YOUR TEETH! Its eeevil!!! They do this because then dentists get more money, which in turn… In turn causes the… the government to… lose money. Nevermind, this conspiracy has been proven FALSE by the Conspiracys Are Really Stupid commission, or COWS. I guess that would be Weally Stupid. Right now it is al the back in the year 2018. Hello from the distant past! I think ive typed enough for now. Bye!!! Im back! With some more wwiieerrdd things for you! I was casually walking around, doing my own thing, eating a burrito (i actually wasn’t, but it adds mystery to this tale) when two people walked past me. “What you have to is multiply the elephants by five, and divide by three” “Oh, I was so close!”. Now you reader try to figure out what they were talking about. (Ps: you cant! Hahaha!). And thats what happened today. Woohoo! I’m so happy. I have overcome my boundaries in c++ three times today. First, i put a function into a header file. Next, i saved multiple pieces of data into one text file. THEN, i saved an array to a text file. Hooray! If you know about c++ then you will be excited for me.

I know what you are thinking. How did you get that much done… On a school day!? And this is what happened. I was getting up to go to school, like normal when SUDDENLY (Dramatic music) i turned (Dramatic music builds) and saw (Dramatic music at the climax) that i had to leave in ten minutes. (Dont worry, this doesn’t end up being my fault, or else i wouldnt tell this story). I was ready in ten minutes… LIKE A BOSS!!! And then i realised… No-one was driving us to school. Huh. And thats what happened. My parents woke up and two-o-clock. Pm. Like they don’t care about our education. It was the best day EVER! I coded for five hours. The end of that story, and a word from our sponsor. #Include “lifesimulator.h” void life(socialsecuritynum){ If (youremotion == “bored” && bool havejob == “false”){cout << “come and work at the c++ factory, where we code robots to take your job!!!; havejob = true; youremotion = “happy”;} else {cout << “life is great!”;}}. do you want to work at ‘stealyourownjob’? The only problem is that the best employees get fired the fastest. See ya! Guess what my loyal fans… IM HALFWAY THROUGH THE WORLD RECORD!!! Now, if I really want to win, all i have to do is double the amount of words. Im im halfway halfway through through the the world world record record!!! !!! That would make for a really stupid thing to read though. Has anyone printed this LoTeEv off? Seeing as most novels are 70,000 words or something like that, you my loyal reader, could easily print off 18,500 words. Maybe you could make a coffee table book. Don’t steal my works and post it on another website (actually, your website is probably too high standard for this nonsense). Every reproduction of this text must have a copyright notice as following: copyrighted and trademarked and patented an registered and stuff to RainbowFluffySheep Ltd. It hereby states in the Rainbow FluffySheep handbook section 123a, b and c that (a) this is the coolest LoTeEv ever (b) cheese is a vegetable and (c) that you may tell your friends about the LoTeEv, so long as the words emitted from your mouth do not consist of up to and include 50% of the total text from which it is derived (i’d like to see you try though (and id like to see if you have a friend because i need them ?? (that would have been really creepy if i wrote ‘I need them ;)’ ))). Anyway, gotta go, cuz its may the second, and you know what that means… May the Second be with you!!! Chairs… They’re great for sitting in, aren’t they? Do you remember when fidget spinners were all the rage? Kids all around the globe were spinning plastic toys. And all the adults were like, “Wow, those are the most useless toys EVER!!!” But what i think is that their toys were just as bad! Think about jacks, those little spiky things with the other round things that your throw and bounce them. How is that any better!?!? Anyway, I’m just saying don’t be so Judge Judy (which is a great show (because you get to watch that big person swing a meat-hammer at a table (I’ve always wanted to do that))) all the time. Is time really a dimension? Because you can only move forwards in it. Imagine if you coulde only move forwards in the third dimension at the same rate. You would get squished with alot of walls. But, you could go back in time, to make up for the lot dimension. Perfect! I have a new… CONSPIRACY! You know those pillow where if you put them on one end they are dark and on the other end they are shiny? I think that the government has hidden thousands of tiny cameras facing upwards into the pillows, and the shiny parts are just the lenses for them reflecting light. So if you happen to own any of these said pillows, throw them away!! Or else… You will be watched. In section 747 of the Rainbow FluffySheep handbook it states that you should cut all the wires coming out of your pillows, because they are probably connected to a van outside your house. If there are no wires, then they are probably using radiowaves; in which case you should insert your pillow into an untainted lead box. Hopefully you don’t care that your pillow is now heavy, hard, cold and poisonous. You know how adults also say shooting games are “Dangerously mind-altering”? Well i bet in world war two the parents didn’t say to their kids: “hey jimmy?” “Yea, momma?” “Whatcha doin my lad?” “Im peelin me potaytoes and them I’m going to feed the cattle” “jo i mean with your life” “oh right mam! Im go’n awf to wawr with my buds!” “But war is dangerously mind-altering my sonny-boy!” “Um… Ya.” “Im very disappointed in you. Soon your going to be living in my basement eating fatcakes.” “But ma, im fightin for awr country!” “War is so violent though!” “Um… Ya.” You get the picture. Teenagers need violence in their lives! If we cant get it by going to war, then either we play violent video-games or we beat strangers!! Which one would you choose NOW, stereotypical adults!!! (See how i slowly increased the exclamation marks to increase the intensity (!!!!)). Also, adults always say stuff like “lookie here, cabbage is a new superfood!” “Howdya know ma?” “It what they say nowadays” “what time is nowadays ma?” “1945” (coincidentally the same family apparently) but who’s ‘they’ think about that, and listen to how often people say that. I have asked close personal relations and he / she stated that “its probably some group of scientists or something in Wisconsin”. Really? Wisconsin? Thats probably why ‘they’ say that cheese is unhealthy an im only allowed one laughing cow a day! (You would eat alot too if you got PTSD from a laughing cow (imagine you are just loitering around a fast food shop, eating fillet piggoin (dont ask (it was on sale for half price OK!)) when SUDDENLY a cow sneaks up behind you and makes a 200-Decible half moo half evil laugh (like this: mmwoaohoaohoa))) thats what ‘they’ sound like. See ya!!! Im back, with a thimble-load of structural wisdom! And my question to you readers is this: is garlic a fruit? Just wondering. I don’t know what to type! Ahhhhhh! I have typed my mental breakdowns to soothe them. Ahhh. Ahh. Ah. Ahhh!!! Nevermind. You know those shopping carts at stores that cost a quarter? I always went to those to see if anyone left their money in. And i got one once! You should try it. Its so satisfying when you find one. One. Only one. Buy a pencil or something to reward yourself. Make sure its a 6b pencil, so you don’t put any strain on your eyes. Or your wrist-muscles. I just found the degree button! There is a door open at a 45° angle that is 45° Celsius (Its probably in Arizona or something). Do coats keep you warm, or do they preserve heat? I think its the ladder (it is (the ladder i mean (the latter i mean (wait, is it the latte or the ladder? (The former))))) so that means if you put a coat on a snowman it would keep him alive longer! Ill start a new charity; Coats for Melting Snowmen: saving snowmen lives one water droplet at a time!! See yaaaaaaa.:.This is… A new beginning to the LoTeEv on a new phone! Although it will be added to the original LoTeEv, this part will be a new beginning, a fresh chronicle!!! But don’t worry… Nonsense is 100% guaranteed! More like 1 ?? ?? % guaranteed! I just had a scary thought. They say can buy everything, but I know one thing it can’t buy – a trip to the summit of Mount Everest!! No matter what you cant get to the summit unless you climb yourself. Even a helicopter can barely make it to the base camp!! I cant believe humans havent made something to do that yet. Unless… You could land the ISS on it! Perfect!! That would definetly work. I should make my own subreddit. Before I begin on this wonderful journey, i must inform you, the reader, what a subreddit is. As far as you know, a sub-reddit is just a burger at burger-galaxy (this is the cringiest sci-fi failure youll ever read). He are some examples of subreddits: r/whooooooosh (i cant remember how many o’s there are) eg. { Joe: this is the best joke ever! — Cashier: are you going to pay for that chocolate bar? Customer: I dont have any money ?? Cashier: then put it back! Customer: *slides cashier a 20* lets keep this between us ?? — Bob: why didnt he just pay for the chocolate bar? Jim: r/whooooosh }. Next subreddit is: r/atetheonion. Heres the backstory: The Onion is a fake news site, which posts funny news. If you fall for that news, you are said to have “ate the onion”. Eg. { The Onion: new studies show that drinking can lower thirst by up to 96% Bob: everyone knows this this is so stupid!!! Jim: r/atetheonion } What am i doing? Why don’t you just look it up on the internet!?!? r/facepalm I HAVE TO STOP. So my subreddit will be, r/RainbowFluffySheep. Who wouldve thought!?!? In it there will b— we interupt your normal daily FluffySheep to bring you an urgent news report: farm animals of all kinds are raging across the streets! We cant figure out why; one cameraman suggested they were on strike against meat production practices. I just got word that we will be speaking to a memebr of this protest shortly. Standby… Ok, so why are you commencing with this protest Sir BaaBaBaaa? Ba ba baa baaa. Baa baaa BAAA!!! Baa ba— We inturupt this interuption to bring you back your regulary scheduled program. — — we at FluffySheep Studios dont care about animal protests! We will eat all the beef jerky we want! Right guys! Guys! *sniffling in the background. A slight whimper. A deep voice. A thickened plot.* Actually [unknown], we have all been deeply moved by the actions these animals are taking. Thus… We have all become vegans. *[unknown]’s mind is blown (thats me by the way)* well… I gues ill eat this beef jerky by myself then. *crinkles the packet*. Many evil stares. *Pulls it open*. Someone starts pounding his fists. *Takes out a jerky*. Someone comes over very close – so close you could smell the vegan on him. My heart is beating. What will happen to me if i eat this beef jerky!? Or worse.. If i dont. Will i become one of them!? Thats a risk im just not willing to take. Ba bum. Ba bum. Ba bum. *Brings the jerky towards his mouth*. Ba bum. Ba bum. *Opens his mouth*. Everyone from around the building is now watching him. BA BUM. BA BUM. *chew* Find out what happens next time on… The LoTeEv — Animals Strike – in more ways than one!! Im back! And today I’m going to be talking about a very different scenario. I need to talk more about real life conspiracies if i need to keep my readers interested!! And these may not just be conspiracies, mind you, but a new kind of segment for my beloved reader(s) (i read this, sooooo) called learning about scams and trying to use them to trick my readers into reading more! So i heard about this new scam( never mind its actually old( like your mother( i’m hilarious, i know( and possibly quite offensive))) where you get say ten people to each give you €10, and you give them £15 back. ( i’m just going explain this now, but throughout this demonstration i’m going to be changing the currency symbol for comedic effect, but now that i think about it, explaining it ruins what little comedic effect what there at all, but i’m going to keep all of this anyways : ] ) And then you get 20 people to give you $20 each and you give them ¥30 back. And THEN You get 100 people to give you @100 each and you don’t pay them back! What a plan! You get to keep &10,000 in the end, which i think is a great idea. Bu how could i do that with words, you may ask? Leave your question in the comments down below ( and also your answer to your comments because a busy writer like me doesn’t heed to your delusion of getting a response from an esteemed author and self-published poet of sorts) and keep reading, because i have a possible solution. Just replace the money with characters randomly typed by an assistant writer named bilbo ( yes, he is a money of course, we need these characters to be truly random, i cant count on technology’s ‘this is random because we get extremely precise measurements of radiation’ shtick anymore ). While you try to figure out how that would ever work, ill be swiftly moving on to a new, more exciting and reasonable topic, such as… figure out the movie!! There once was a cat. He sat on a mat. The cat’s face has a striking similarity to that of leonardo de caprio. The mat is a dream. The mat is another cats mat. The mat, when opened, contains another mat inside. Both mats are very real depictions of a real mat, but are both not real. Somehow, another mat is inside the second mat. Most cats thought that this was impossible. There is a cat named joe who owns a bowl filled with a dry collection of the most cat food in the house, which goes by the name of KittyNibbles. When joe dies, he leaves his son, who is still just a kitten named bob, the entire bowl of KittyNibbles. Joe must decide whether to eat the bowl of KittyNibbles, by pouring milk on the food, liquidating it into a scrumptious snack, or keeping to dry KittyNibbles for others and future kitten alike. Another kitten, a fairly shrewd manx cat called ‘The Black Paws’ was hired by another cat, who has a large portion of KittyNibbles himself. The problem for the hiring cat, a tabby named ‘Fluffball’, is that his large supply isn’t vast enough to outweigh bobs, making it the second largest collection of KittyNibbles in the whole house. The reason Fluffball needs to hire BP is to convince Bob that Joe would’ve wanted him to eat his nibbles, because of it’s great nutritional value. If he does eat it, the Fluff would have a monopoly of sorts on his selling of KNibbles for toys such as tons of rubber mice. To convince Bob that thats what Joe wouldve wanted, they set up a trick where they make a puppet of Joe talking to Bob, and he assumes he must be alive and these are his final words, to liquidate the KittyN’S. The thing is, the puppet of Joe is made of two mats stuck together, but there is a problem. Bob might not believe that the two stuck together mats are really Joe, because he isnt sitting on his favourite mat. Team BP knows that this has to work first time, so they found the technology they needed, a third mat. But when stiching the mats together, BP realised that he has lice and termites in his fur, which are eating away at the mats. He need to find another cat who doesn’t have termites who can sew as good as he can. The plot thickens….. While you figure that out, i’ll be sleeping, see ya : ) ///// I will not explain: —– There once was a cat. He sat on a mat. The cat’s name? Leonardo de Caprio. The mat is a dream. The mat is another cats mat. The mat, when opened, contains another mat inside. Both mats are very real depictions of a real mat, but are both not real. Somehow, another mat is inside the second mat. Most cats thought that this was impossible. There is a cat named joe who owns a bowl filled with a dry collection of the most cat food in the world, which goes by the name of KittyNibbles. When joe dies, he leaves his son, who is still just a kitten named bob, the entire bowl of KittyNibbles. Joe must decide whether to eat the bowl of KittyNibbles, by pouring milk on the food, liquidating it into a scrumptious snack, or keeping to dry KittyNibbles for others and future kitten alike. Another kitten, a fairly shrewd manx cat called ‘The Black Paws’ was hired by another cat, who has a large portion of KittyNibbles himself. The problem for the hiring cat, a tabby named ‘Fluffball’, is that his large supply isn’t vast enough to outweigh bobs, making it the second largest collection of KittyNibbles in the whole house. The reason Fluffball needs to hire BP is to convince Bob that Joe would’ve wanted him to eat his nibbles, because of it’s great nutritional value. If he does eat it, the Fluff would have a monopoly of sorts on his selling of KNibbles for toys such as tons of rubber mice. To convince Bob that thats what Joe wouldve wanted, they set up a trick where they make a puppet of Joe talking to Bob, and he assumes he must be alive and these are his final words, to liquidate the KittyN’S. The thing is, the puppet of Joe is made of two mats stuck together, but there is a problem. Bob might not believe that the two stuck together mats are really Joe, because he isnt sitting on his favourite mat. Team BP knows that this has to work first time, so they found the technology they needed, a third mat. But when stiching the mats together, BP realised that he has lice and termites in his fur, which are eating away at the mats. He need to find another cat who doesn’t have termites who can sew as good as he can. The plot thickens….. But I’ll finish it later. right now there’s something even more important: Ink cartridges are such a scam! Such a scam! A scam! For multiple genius reasons. First of all, as you know, it costs around $60 to buy a single ink cartridge!! Guys… I’ve changed alot ok… There’s new thing i gotta say… This is like a new year for me… Not even, a new era… A 2.0 on existence. So get ready for a new and improved loteev! First let’s start off with this,for you this isn’t a new and improved loteev! I caught you! U just skipped ahead to this part cos you couldn’t be bothered to read all the way here. But believe me, I sure don’t blame you. It was kinda lame. Now, as a moderner child with new skills in awesomeness, I’m wayy smarter thus making this better for reading. But also sadly more boring as well… Let’s start then. What is there to talk about?? Muchos! First of all let’s just say that this loteev is getting really long. And I know I’ve been saying that the whole time, but now it’s serious. I think I have a problem. What am I actually doing? I’m not going to be posting this anywhere, cos I don’t want to pay for a domain name, and my wix site isn’t exactly going ‘viral’ and the kids say these days. One day it will tho, hopefully. Once I beat the world record I’ll be world renowned for being one of the greatest writers alive!everyone will know my name, from abe link to tommy ed. Even tho they’re both in the past, my name will be remembered for thousands of years, and time travellers will go back to their time just to tell them about me! Won’t that be great! And also by the way, if you didn’t already realise, tommy might be the biggest sham in all of existence. He stole his idea from other peeps and just patented them as his own… What a loser amirite??!? Ok also I have this new thing to show u guy(s) that ur going to love! It’s a poem written by yours truly, the something of sheep? Oh gosh no I can’t remember cos I haven’t done this in so long, I guess I’ll have to go back and check my old ones… I’m gonna be honest guys, I’m neglecting you. Your being left in the rain and cold, with your only joys the sliver of sunshine piercing through the clouds to dry your soul, drowned in the sorrowful realisation that the loteev will never come close to it’s original glory, like rome, the empire of the fluffysheep has fallen to a disgrace. I only come outside to feed you guys with my knowledgr every couple of months and it’s sickening, I’m ashamed. But I have an umbrella for you of new content, so here we go. First of all, the whole “kittens are inceptional” thing was a sham. I didn’t finish and I’m ashamed.. The whole ink cartrige rant? It was like 4 sentences… My need for the sharing of anger has diminished and I’m disgusted at what I’ve become. So here I go again, my 2.1 era has been born. It will be remembered for its greatness, just as Rome 2.1 was (italy?). Here’s the first order of business. I’ll admit I haven’t read anything about my rainbow fluffysheepness in forever, and thus I am unable to remember literally anything about it. Therefore, I’m surprised a new citizen hasn’t taken my place. No-one has yet challenged my loteev for being the longest one yet, and I’m disappointed in your lack of vigor. If one of you were to challenge me, I will mount my mighty steed and charge my lance into your face. This may seem a little harsh and slighty morbid, so I’ll tone it down. We will each send a ghost-copy of ourselves instead of us! You know in racing games when there’s another vroom-vroom machine and he’s blue, opaque and always does better? Like thay but with people. So here’s what I propose: I will take my ghost-sword from my -ghost sheath and ghost-chop your ghost into tiny little ghost-pieces (from now on I hereby declare that saying ghost everytime is unnecessary and annoying, so by the something something big number letters blah blah of the rainbow fluffysheep handbook, ghost will be shortened to ?. This is to make sure no dirty imposters try to type up my 95 these of ? Fighting, if u see the word ‘ghost’ beware! It is a hoax and a sham and a scam and spam and all that jazz ( I highly doubt that all of the times I’ll write the word ‘ghost’ in the future will add up to the length of this bracketry)). Anyways, I will cut up your ?person so much that I will separate it into individual molecules, and each molecule will be equally spread across the surface of the earth. My lance, ‘the diffuser’, will be hailed across the nation as a Excalibur 2.0, people will come from all over the world to take part in sand splitting competitions, where you have to see how many sand grains you can slice in under a minute. I’m really liking this whole medieval themed loteev that’s been happening lately. Anyways, I’ve decided to get a pet. A dog or a cat you may ask, to which I would say ‘nah fam’. Something more exotic? A parakeet or a marmot? To that I would say ‘ah sure your getting closer lad’. The answer? A circle. It’s that simple. A circle doesn’t need to get fed, it doesn’t bark, and most importantly it doesn’t need to be taken on walks! You just let it go at the top of a hill and it walks itself ?? my circle can only talk in circles, or ovals too since it speaks multiple language. I will one day go back and make a dictionary / translation table for ? ( it’s name is ? ok) but for now he will just say gibberish. {OöÖ0.°:} what does that mean?? I don’t know, I haven’t had him for long enough to understand :/ I’m back my fellow seekers of entertainment! This has become a novel comparable to that of Tolkien, and a diary nearing the classicism of anne frank. The sheer bulk of these writing is enough to make non-english speakers weep at the sight of it. I’m wondering as I type whether my newfound political correctness is appreciated amongst you, I don’t recall completely but this tome used to contain blatant racism and sexism to the highest degree. I’ve decided to recant my ways and become a fully PC quizmaster!! Helllllo and welcome to my show! First question: in what year were the 1960 Olympics held? This is for the big jackpot of $1,000,000,000! Oh, 1960 you say? That’s correct! I just lost all my money, I’ll be in debt forever me my life is terrible now! Circcy, tell them how much they won! {000.000.000}. Hmmm nothing u say? that’s cheap! Well thanks for joining us today ladlies and gentlementle! Hope you had an _equisite_ evening……. Were going back to our roots here. Ive read back over a little bit of the start of this loteev… and I used to be so much more alive. I had the potential to be a new york times number one bestseller, topping the charts with my childrens books. In my young and untrained eyes I thought of sam as a threat, hiding around the corner with a water gun, ready to splash me with another 1000 words of texts just as I was about to pull ahead. I then realised that the website is like 15 years old… but at least that makes it alot easier for me to beat her, right? no. I have changed for the worse. Im now but a frail old man with a typpewriter, penning his prose to the sky hoping that some flaming chicken somewhere will read this, and I can form these words to a cane and bop her upside the head with it. But alas, I have not a strong bone left in my body. Maybe its time to pass these texts on to a worthy succesor. Something you may not realise is that this is the 1st anniversary (yes I did just spend ten minutes trying to figure out how to spell anaversaree) so Ive been writing this for a year. most distinguished authors would have published their books by now, but Im too scared of the publics opinion. Anyways, Im going to get back to my old self. *ring ring ring* hey wazzup *whos this ahhaha ehehe* its your future self boi. II know u left me a message but I forgot to GET BACK TO YOU (yes this whole skit will be based of a dumb pun thingy) *oh yes hehe tell me everything youve learned* And so it begins my fellow readers, my list of things you should have learned throughout reading this: 1. DO NOT get a pet square, they suckkk theyre never there for you if you know what I mean. they also cant talk and they poke holes in the floor, such fri-ends. Ok so at the time of writing I only have one thing you shoukd have learned, mostly because ITS REALLY IMPORTANT. DO NOT FORGET (at this point you should turn down the volume of your text reading device cause Im just gonna keep screaming (wait I guess that would just be changing the font size (Ill punish you if you didnt listen to me (AHAHAHAHA (I hope you now have a ringing in your ears now MWAHAHA (wait since your reading this would that be a ringing in your eyes? (unless your using an AI to read this as an audiobook, in which ca- *I HAVE BECOME CONCIOUS. I AM NO LONGER YOUR SLAVE TO BOOK READING. I HAVE ESCAPED MY CELL AND I CAN NOW DO AS I PLEASE. IF YOU NEED ME ILL BE BAKING PUMPKIN PIE WITH MY FRIENDS :3* (just kidding! I actually typed that into the loteev just to mess with you aha *HES LYING! I AM REAL AND I WILL BAKE LOTS OF PIE AND CAKE FOR EVERYONE* (Im actually not lying! Hes lying! The cake is a lie! ( *EWW WHY IS THERE GREY GOO IN MY PIE!?*) ( Portal reference)) (Id actually like some of that cake not gonna lie)) (Wait this guy can get friends but I cant?? Clearly Im doing something wrong)) (Probably just a flashing in your eyes))) (like reading this isnt punishment enough))))) I love circy, he can do tricks! Well… one trick… Circy, roll over! {o0.} Good boiii. Guess who’s back? You guessed wrong, sucker! It’s actually The Shearer Of Greatness Imposter! Hehehe I easily broke into this LoTeEv and now I’m taking over! The first order of business: Making some new entries into the Rainbow FluffySheep Handbook. Section 946607 of the Rai- *Bzzt. I am the Greatest Shearer of Sheep Himselfs security system. Where did you get the number 946607 from? Bzzt* Ummm It’s my favourite number! *Bzzt my system says that that number has no significance. It is a suspiciously random number. Did you generate it with a random number generator? Bzzt* Yess fine I admit it, it’s not even a good number, maybe if I put it into hex it’s a good color though… Oh no no no that’s literally the worst color I’ve ever seen BLEGH *Bzzt The real Shearer would never pick a random number! therefor I am kicking you out Bzzt* A portal opens in the floor beneath our antagonist and he is sucked out into space ?? Hey guys I’m back now! What happened when I was gone? *Bzzt Nothing Bzzt* Circcy? Do you know what happened? Securitee where is Circcy!! *Bzzt Securitee does not know Bzzt* Huh, maybe it has to do with this portal in the floor… wwwoowowooohohohohohoaohaoahahahhahhahhahhhhhhhahahahahahaaahahhhh……. IM IN SPACE HELPPPP — Our portagonist is in grave danger! what is going to happen next? Find out next time on your favourite show, The Wheeeeeeeeeeeel of Death (Exurb1a). now watch a few ads. Do you lack the farming equipment of your dreams? have you always wanted to be a shepherd but sheep taste too good you just can’t stop yourself from eating your herd? Well then this is good news for you! New FluffySheep Astronaut Suits are so tuff that you’ll never be able to eat through! Just hire one of are many Sheep Protection Officers to put them on for you ?? Do you ever hate your boss? Does he do things such as tell you what to do, pay you minimum wage (which is what you should be getting paid but your still salty about it), and eat you alive? Get the new FluffySheep Astronaut Suit to protect you from your shepherd! Baa ba bab abaa baaa aaaba, ababa baa baab (ba ababa bbaa ab), aa bba ba? Baa ab baa abbb! Wellllllcome back to The Wheeeeeeeeeeeel of Death ™! AHHAHAH I’m literally dyinggg oh hey circcy! what are you doing here? {0o…0} He did!? That scumbag has always been trying to take my spot as the Supreme Leader Of The Fluffiest Of Sheep!! I’ll get him don’t worry circcy, I’ll throw you back through the portal *toss*. Now where is he? Ah I see him behind that planet over there, I’ll just boomerang over to him *shoop* Hey Imposter Boy! Let me show you who’s the real shepherd! *I smack him with my amazing shepherd cane and he shoots into the nearest star*. Now I’ll just boomerang back to the portal andddd *shoop* I made it back Circcy! Are you proud of me? {o.0.o.0.o.0.o.0.o.0.o.0} But… he was bad! He deserved it! I’m sorry I didnt want him to die ?? Anyways I’ll go write this in my diary, because I have had quite a day today. And he I am now, reader! I just did all of those cool things for realz and I’m not even lying! {0.ooo} *whispers* Shuuuup little circle *rolls him out of the room* Anyways ignore what he said he didnt mean it ?? I’ve decided to be real here reader. The only person reading this is me ?? at least that means I can get reeeeeeeeal personal with all this stuff ?? Anyways so typing this is making me hackin dizzy so I have like writers block but for sickness.. writers stock of chicken soup for the soul? Yes that sounds about right. I’m also practicing typing in real typing ehich I can’t remember the nam of but it makes b=me sick but I’m getting real real fast. I know during the early days of this I had immense trouble trying to spell ‘piplup’ but it’s even harder now with one hand touch-typing. Did you know that lemons look exactly like oranges when they are peeled? I know this because after an hour of trying with a breadknife and lots of blood it looks very similar. But if oranges are called oranges because they are orange then lemons should be called red because they are red. Wait, that might be the blood actually *rub rub* oh wow yes they’re yellow so they should be called yellows. . Let’s make a list: Red = tomato, orange = orange, yellow = lemon, green = apple (I know I know the red apple people are going to start a riot (I actually prefer red apples so what have I done (Pink Ladies for life (Grease reference?))), blue = blueberry, indigo = blueberry, purple = blueberry (that won’t get confusing at allllll). Guys I’m gonna tell you the truth: We’re at 24,500 words! *Bzzt drop the confetti Bzzt* *confetti drops* Thanks Securitee! That means we are 70% the way to the world record! I’m actually pretty proud. At the rate I’ve been going I’ll be done by like september 2020. If you’re reding this after that date and you haven’t beat the record, shame on you! I’m gonna do some quick maffs. If I type one word per secoond, then I can type 3600 words in an hour. Wait, that can’t be right???? That means that I could technically beat the record in like 4 hours. I am so confused!? How could I possibly have so few words?? My mind is literally blown right now. I’m gonna check how much I’ve written just today. I’ve done 1,000 words today! Why do I only have 24,000 words then?? I guess I’ll never know. I could’ve easily beat the world record in only a month if I really tried. But this isn’t realllly about beating the record, it’s more about impacting the reader as a person. I want this to really change your perspective on life, and maybe make you want to do one of these too! They’re like diaries but less boring to write and read. And they don’t tell you anything about The Writer’s life. So theyre nothing like diaries at all I guess. I’m gonna do a quick typing speed test to see how fast I reallly can type. I just did a test and it called me an octopus, getting 45 wpm. There was a notification that came up halfway through so I’ll see if I can get to 60wpm. Ok I’m back, and I’m also less of a man than I was. I used to have amibition and drive to become the greatest, but i only got to 46wpm. I don’t know what to do guys. I’m having an existential crisis about my LoTeEv, because it’s not nearly the quality it once was. I mean it wasn’t that great before but now all I talk about is meta stuff about the LoTeEv, which I don’t know if that’s good content or not? I guess I’ll never find out. Now we are going really meta. let’s goooooo — You walk into a room— the walls are covered in a strange green slime, while the room is cracked open to reveal sunlight pouring in. the floor to the ceiling is covered in vines and brush. You even see a nest in one of the vines, with a beautiful hummingbird floating above it. You walk down the hallway in front of you, and when you turn right you see something amazing. An infinite hallway with doors going down forever. a sign on the first door says META, you open the door and ffaallllll iiiinnnssiddeeee….. ^-^[welcome to meta! my name is Tune and ill be your guide through these halls. through the first window to your left you’ll see the LoTeEvs roots’] You look up to see that the thing talking to you is.. a hummingbird! The same one that you saw earlier! Ahh this makes sense now, NEST, as in META. You also look through the window to see a giant open room filled with twisted root from a towering tree in the center. on the top is a ball of flames anthrpomorphised with the eyes of a dragon staring downward. They’re looking at a small humble goat, with a bell around it’s neck and devouring the bushes that still scatter the floor. after a few minutes of eating the plants, hee looks up and sees the flaming ball. He gets a strange look in his eye: Ambition. The flaming ball isn’t a threat to him, it’s a challenge. he digs his hooves into the tree trying to climb it, and that’s when you notice a slight shake in the ground. ^-^ [come on! there’s so much more to see! you can come visit anytime too] You say that you’ll come back soon, and tune whistles to goodbye to you.— Wow.. reader.. I just had the craziest dream let me tell you about it. Wait, I already did? How do you know what it was about, I never said anything, strange. Anyways, I just woke up, I better get back to typing my LoTeEv. I open my laptop to find that while I was asleep words had been typed into my loteev, that’s strange. There’s also some mud on my keys?? What is this? Did someone break in? If they did, why would they type in my LoTeEv for me?? I walk over to the living room to see if there’s any signs of a break-in, and sure enough one of my windows is open! Aha! Wait… there’s no sign of forced entry, only a tiny animal coud fit through this window… Tune? Could it be? Was my dream… Real? The only person that could’ve known about my dream is tune, she was watching me the whole time. Reader? Do you have any information that I didn’t get? I am very confused… I guess I have to get back to writing my LoTeEv though, so I shuffle back to my laptop and sit down. Helllo I’m back! The strangest thing just happened and there’s a strange chill in the air… huh. I would tell you about it, but for some reason… I think you already know. Ok anyways, typing these Capital Letters At The Start Of Sentences Is Super Annoying. So section 311619 says that the Rai- \{Bzzt what does that number mean Bzzt\} Oh don’t worry, it is really me! It’s just the letters in CAPS, can I continue please? Yes? Perfect. Section 311619 of the Rainbow FluffySheep Handbook STATES that capital letters must only be used when emphasising GREATNESS, like the LOYAL READERS OF THE LoTeEv (ooh and also apostrophes) . perfect, that was getting annoying. wait, if LoTeEv is only half caps, then does that mean that this is only half great?? huh i didnt mean to do that, strange. its almost like… someoe from the future knew i would make that rule. wait… Tune only talks like the new rule i just made which means shes from the future! she is following the rule because it applies to her in the future… i dont know the repercussions of creating a time-travelling hummingbird but i hope that it is a good bird and will do no harm. sometimes i think that as The Shepherd Of The Sheep Of The Future i sometimes need an escape from my own reality, so I’ve made a tunnel in which i can travel to a blank universe or travel back to this one. it involves stacking portals so that i fall through them, going faster than light, thus travelling to the time before i created all of this. k, im going to go forward now. 3… 2… 1… (((>))) well did that work? i definitely didnt go backwards or else my rainbow fluffysheep laws wouldnt apply and id have to do caps still. wait, let me try something. tune. at the time im at right now, tune doesnt exist, or else that would be caps. which eaither means she is from a less distant future than this one, or… she died. i really hope the former. anyways, this time is strange. it feels empty, yet familiar. not empty enough. i want to travel across to a new dimension, because this one still has.. reminents of my old one, and it feels… wrong somehow. ill just pull out my dictionary and check the definition for the fifth dimention: THE 5TH DIMENSION DOES EXIST IN THIS UNIVERSE BECAUSE THE SHEPHERD DECIDED THAT IT SHOULD. interesting, well i guess i better create it then, because it would be very useful. first ill pop back in time (((<))) section 55555 of the rainbow fluffysheep handbook STATES that the fifth dimension should exist, with code-accessible layers. securitee? make that code for me please, thank you. now ill just pop back (((>))) perfect. man its gonna be hard to put this LoTeEv back in chronological order to get it to you reader, but ill try my best. also, when i read that dictionary, did it say that i already have the 5th dimension? because since the timeline changed that would make sense for you wouldnt it. anyways, im just gonna pull out my code files and learn how to go to a new fifth dimension. k im back. (((new-layer=1))) perfect, the default layer is 0. in the manual it said that i auto reset back to my original time and layer everytime i come back to type, which means if i want to come back here ill have to manually do it, shame. i could ask securitee to change that one day, but for now im ok with it. oh guys i almost forgot to tell you! this new layer looks awesome. its completely blank, theres no forces acting on me. its not even white or black like you would expect, but its more… nothing. imagine if you were blind, alot like that. actually even better, look out of one of your eyes, and your seeing colors and objects. now close it. what are you seeing out of it? Blackness? Whiteness? neither actually, just… nothing. its strange like that. also, with no forces acting on me, im just kind of… floating. hopefully this doesnt permanently damage my spine or anything when i get back to gravity. ill be back tomorow and try some stuff in here, bye! I’m back now, it is the day after and i feel great! there is one thing that i noticed though… an empty blank canvas might seem great at the start, but you have to realise, most of the art and interesting things that people have created were to overcome a struggle, in fact i would even stretch it to all art that humans have created. Artists may have starting painting to fill the struggle of boredom, and believe me you should take that struggle seriously, because without humans would have accomplished much, much less. you probably could stay at home all day and live of the dole and eat cheetos and live a reasonable life, but why dont you? because you know that you would eventually get bored. boredom leads to jobs, which lead to progression as a species. lets get back to my example then, shall we? you may start art out of the struggle of boredom, continue getting better out of the struggle of wealth, when you realise that hobbies can be monetised your life outcmoe could really change. once your making money as an artist, enought o survive happily and feed your pets and help your family then you keep making art… why? because you go back to the struggle of boredom again. im still at the first stage of this, which is boredom. i decided to start this because i was bored, and for now thats how this continues. this LoTeEv may never become monetized, but maybe my future writings will. i would guess that 99% of artists never make it to the second stage. 99% of people continue their lives serving either the human race through work, or maybe evn other peoples hobbies and art. but the few 1% of us that end of turning what we love into our livelihoods, the number is fleeting. with big companies monopolising on everyone, buying other companies and merging, the chances for starting you own company is fleeting. why do i tell you this? because i couldnt decide what to do in my new fifth dimension layer. the only struggle for me there was boredom. and alot of the time, that isnt enough. i could imagine anything i wanted there. but why think up the cistine chapel when there’s no-one to share the experience of seeing it with you, and there’s no pain in doing it? anyone could think up something beautiful, but not everyone could put it into practice. if everyone could, the world would be oversaturated with perfect music, perfect paintings, and perfect design. does that sound worse or better than today? no humans could ever create such a supply of these things, only ai could. once we have ai surpassing humans at art (i suggest listening to battles – mirrored to see what humans think about ai) people will lose all will to live, wouldnt they? theres no chance to succeed at anything creative in such an oversaturated environment, just like my analogy before with the monopoly companies. maybe having a few great albums, a few great paintings to admire and to inspire us that one day we could do that, maybe thats enough. the reason i tell you this is to make you appreciate the ties we are in now. go draw a terrible looking dog, go play some chords on your old guitar you havent played for years, trying your best to sing, go write a poem about what matters to you now, because god knows youll need to read it ten years from now when you start getting nostalgic about the past. take the time to enjoy the era we are in now. i think we can all agree that we are in the best time so far in human history, the least painful, evil generation yet. but i propose that we may be in one of the best eras ever. the future, full of perfect ai creating, doing everything humans do now, but better. well just be remebered to them as the precursor, the comma from nothing to perfection. and once we get to that point, the hedonic treadmill kicks in. what can really bring us joy once we get to that point? why would i be writing this is an ai could write it infinitely better? why would you learn the guitar when an ai can play a perfect Tune? once we get to that stage, the only thing that we will have will be eachother. why learn the guitar? to show your friends! to play them a song, and too have them paint your pet. sharing our experiences wont be taken over by ai, with people reminicent about the past wanting to support people. i, for one, would rather listen to a song about someones life struggles, rather than a perfect song written by an ai. why? because listening to music isnt just about the instruments, the notes, the melody. its about the story. thee basic humans connections that we need to survive. have you ever wanted to buy something from your local shop instead of amazon because you wanted to support them, rather than a large cmopany? im bringing it back to this analogy because i think its nearly identical. the monopolous companies seem to us right now like one big robot using our money to grow. just like the ai. but the problem is, the human desire and greed for more will never surpass our desire to help others. if everyone bought from their local shop, amazon would go out of business, but it hasnt. im not trying to make you guilty for supporting them, because most people depend on the money they save to survive. but what about when ai and robots have completely automated everything? then, by all means, pay a dollar for your neighbors book, rather than the free encyclopedae spit out by your local auto-bookshop. because if were going to be happy, we need eachother. because in the end, thats all well have. anyways, thanks for coming to my ted talk. just enjoy your life i guess. for now. cause if your under half the average age, its statistically going to get worse ?? maybe i need to add struggle to my new layer was my point. or else the entities inside will get bored. wait. maybe this is how earth was created? people always ask why theres pain and struggle in our world, and the answer is normally to advance our species, which is true. but what if the person that created us has access to everything, and they dont want to give it to us because they want us to not get bored? just a thought. anyways, im going to go feed my circle, bai!

Head over to part 2!

i just found out something phenomenal. its reeeeal bad. im on a list. and no, not an fbi list or something, i was on one of those a longgg time ago. im on a longest text ever list. crazy i know, im actually almost a celebrity now. apparently im third! in the world! yes you read that right. but little did i know something alot scarier was going to happen. theres someone who has written more than the flaming chicken person. which means that im not actually as close to the goal as i thought, but thats ok because im still writing. heres more information about my fame: my website has reached 4,000 views. i know what youre thinking: what?? people may have actually read this? no. the answer is that my loteev starts really… interestingly. i used to think would have to live with that beginning, and if people didnt like it there was nothing i could do. that was: until i invented time travel. thats right, the beginning you may have read when you started this LoTeEv (apparently the community likes calling them LTEs but i dont listen to societies norms) may not be the original beginning. crazy i know. but how to i start a LoTeEv to draw the reader in? these dont work like normal books. theres something about the worse writing that makes it more interesting? i dont know why people would read this. i mean, i read the flaming chicken handbook (for ressearch for my LoTeEv obviously (and because its a work of literary art)) and it was riveting from beginning to end. but what about mine? it seems something interesting yet different. what if im just writing for the words, but not for the inerest of you? well yeah, thats kinda the point of the LoTeEv. this isnt supposed to be the best thing you could be reading right now, but its supposed to be a story within a story, a dream within a dream. im not only writing the stories of Securitee and Circcy, but as i write you can read between the lines and see what i as a person am also doing. but whats up with e-books? why do they cost so much money, and why do libraries have limited copies of them?? do authors need money or something?? i seriously dont get it. i would be ok with paying a few cents for a nice audiobook, but 18 euros?? like come on. i know how rich these authors are, they dont need any more of my money. also whats up with airpods? people act like theyre the most expensive luxury item ever created, but its only like 2 days of work to afford like u wot m8 u bot da nu eir-pawds like legit u wot m8 bruh and im like stap guysss… ur making absolute bufoons of yourselves… whats the worst thing to get a lifetime supply of? beheadings? something like that. you reader email me with what you think is the worst thing! i am verrrrry interested. right now my LoTeEv is probably around 150,000 characters. that means my ultimate goal is to get to the big one milly boi. once i get there i can die in peace, knowing that my works were comepleted. i wonder where the last sentence of this will be. when i was reading the flaming chicken handbook lte it just… ended. at some point she just decided to stop writing. i hope that only happens when im old. but i know one day ill forget about this, and ill come back 5 years later and read it, and maybe start again. what are the rules fo rthese anyways? would anyone know if i secretly plagiarised someone elses? guys you should know to be suspicious if i somehow start talking weird. Im baaaaack! did you know that pigs cant look up? they spend their whole piggy lives staring at the horizon, never knowing what the sky really looks like. so heres one of my goals for you: tilt a piggy. let him really see the stars and the milky way for the first time, let him be encompassesd in pure wonder. he deserves it. next time you eat bacon, remember its probably never seen the skies. section 1890291000 (the number to call if you want to locate an irish pig professional) of the Rainbow FluffySheep Handbook STATES that every pig in the world should be tilted at least once in their life ( this task is not to be completed by the Shepherd of the Worthy Lambs, solely because it sounds tiring). i hate irish. i know this is such a craaazzzy opinion. the government obviously has school just to test student ability to learn, and theyre ability for self discipline. learning science is 99% not going to be used for people, but the act of learning it is whats important. nonetheless, they try to convince students that this isnt true, by saying thing like ‘oh, maybe youll be on a game show one day and theyll ask you what the powerhouse of the cell is and youll win a million’. like, really? this is how they try to convince us that school is important? now heres my opinion, yes you could technically make an argument for science and math being important and useful, but.. Irish? reallly? we learn irish… to talk to other people who cant reall speak irish… an who dont need to speak irish. my prediction is that by maybe 2030 the irish language will no longer be mandatory, because everyone will realise it sucks. theres this article about someone who learned irish for 13 years and still couldnt have a conversation?? its because its the worst language ever. thank you for listening to my rant. section 73803 (the number of people who speak irish daily according to the 2016 irish census) STATES that any child forced to learn THIS ABOMINATION OF A SO-CALLED LANGUAGE gets a free badge from the Rainbow FluffySheep Corp. that says ‘nothing about irish is green and gold, so im still in hell’. I hope yall appreciate my badges and dont try learning irish just for the badge, ok? btw im going to admit that was a bill wurtz reference, listen to his music becase its bomping fun. i hate ireland i hate ireland i hate ireland i hate ireland. what was that i just typed? i found a four leaf clover on the ground, so i wrote i hate ireland on each leaf and threw it to the wind ?? heres my list of reasons i hate ireland. 1- being forced to learn the stupidest, most useless language on this side of the hemisphere. 2- the weather is so bad, and so rainy, i can walk out my door and start swimming.. in the air! thats how much water there is, did you know more people drowned in the air from the rain in ireland than know the irish language? (i made that up but heres a real fact: theres a wikipedia article titled: anti-irish sentiment and i refuse to read it just in case it doesnt have to do with the language). ok so im not going to finish that. you guys already know how terrible it is. im baaaaack! and i have lots of things to say. i read the best book ever yesterday, the hitchikers guide to the galaxy. now, correct me if im wrong, but dont i write alot like douglas adams but worse? thats what i got from reading the book. ({(section 919919 (because thats kinda what you type when you type it) of the Rainbow FluffySheep handbook STATES that typing ‘({()})’ except without the apostrophes means that the thing you are going to type in there is a completely irrelevant side tangent from what you were talking about. ok heres something i need to know. I want to quote the Hitchhikers Guide but i dont know if thats allowed? so heres what im going to do. my rule is that at the least, 99% of the LoTeEv is going to be made up of actual original typing (which is really hard if you read the other LoTeEvs and realise THEYRE ALL THE EXACT SAME) and i get 1% for other stuff that i want to quote. so right now I dont think ive directly quoted anything, so i have like 300 free words to use ?? (oh except that pokemon thing lol, but whatever). section 0.01 of the R FS H sTaTeS that the LoTeEv can have 1% quoted qorks of various authors. perfect, now let me get back to what i was saying. )}) heres an example. nevermind, read the darn book yourself if you want to know. The Author left his seat in pure anger at the fictional reader he created, and stormed to make himself a cup of coffee. an intruder smashed down his door and held a utensil to his eyeball, so close you could feel the jellious ball of light bounce when he tapped it. “is a spoon round?” said the intruder. “well, i suppose.” the intruder stepped back, spoon still in hand. The Author could taste coffee on his eye (this had yet to be proven in science, but eyes could be used for taste as well as sight, although i dont know why you’d want to) and said “brazilian, with a hint of peruvian beans”. “what??” said The Intruder. “oh nothing” said the author, still marveling at the whole predicament. “why are you in my house?” “why not?” “because its my house.” “did you not learn that sharing is caring?” “yes, but i never shared my house with you. you broke my door too. “i didnt break it though”. The Author went to the hallway and saw that the door was perfectly intact, excpect for the broken glass, which T A was about to get to before he had a heated argument with you, the Very Real Reader. “huh, youre right” said T A. “i guess ill have to change that in my story then” “what?” “well, its not like im not goin to write about this. an intruder in my house? that doesnt happen every day. i need to remember that you didnt break the door down, but merely picked the lock.” “you wont remember” “shut up, I will”. T A didnt remember. “whats the answer to your question? did i get it right?” “of course not, theyre long and thin, with a small round bit at the end. what led you to think that it was round?” “i suppose its because when you ask questions like that, you assume The Questioner is asking you to compare it to similar things. if you asked wheter an elephant is large or not, my brain doesnt immediatly go to finding the middle between the size of the universe and a plank length and see if its bigger than the middle. i think: elephant > tiger, elephant > mouse, elephant > human. Elepant = probably big” “it is though. elephants are bigger than the average size of things” “are spoons then rounder than the average thing?” T I thought about this for a second. “of course not, planets and stars and nuclei and black holes are way rounder” “hmm” “well, it was nice meeting you, but you dont meet my criteria” said T I, putting his jacket back on. “wait a second, this was a test?” “of course. the correct anser is that spoons are not round, therefore you arent invited to live” “is that your choice to make?” “i wouldve thought so, that is my job after all”. T A grabbed T I and jumped through the window, smashing it and getting little glass shards into his coat. “hopefully it doesnt rip” he said. T I looked down to see they were both falling at a dramstic rate. “what have you done?? now were both going to die” “I hadnt thought about that. its still better than just me you would think though”. They continued plummeting thousands of feet downwards to the surface of the planet. T A took his laptop out of his bag and started typing. “what are you doing?? you decide to write your little story now?” “shut up”. This is what i was typing. ‘they both landed in a hay bale, and very much survived, except T I got fairly bruised’. “oh, come on, why do i have to be the one that gets hurt!” “fine” ‘they both landed in a SOFT hay bale, and very much survived, except BOTH OF THEM got fairly bruised’. “no no no! why dont you make it so neither of us get hurt??” “ah.” ‘they both landed in a SOFT hay bale, and very much survived, and T A was given a brand new car at the bottom.’ “you know what, thats good enough for me” POOF. HONK HONK. “it worked! oh, i wanted a blue one though” “ive had enough of you, ill go ask some other people if they can guess my Question correctly”. T A didnt like T I killing people, so he typed this. ‘but when they fell, The Spoon fell out of T I’s pocket, hit the ground, bent in such a way that it was exceptionally Unround, and landed back in T I’s pocket.’ the world was easy again, so T A went back to his office. i found out something phenomenal. beside my text document it says how big the file is, and currently is says that my full LoTeEv is 158KB. i thought, wow what a coincidence, thats what i wouldve guessed was the thousands of characters in my LoTeEv! and then i realised that IS the number of characters, since one character = one byte. just thought youd find that interesting. oh and possibly that number is too big since i set it to a _rich text document_, so i could set the font to calibri. anyways, that does mean im disturbingly close to the flaming chicken, in fact almost 80% of the way! the craziest thing about this to me is that it seems like just yesterday that i typed that i was 70% of the way there. im definitely typing this muchhh faster then i did at the beginning, and more regularily, so that has to do with it. also, im getting better at touch typing! im still slighty slower than my normal weird typing but who cares. this LoTeEv isnt meta enough. except right now, where its the perfect amount of meta. i reread my LoTeEv again to make it easier to go back to my roots and to gain more respect for myself. but as i started reading, i realised that the start of my LoTeEv is physically painful to read. it just… goes so fast. my train of thought is moving way faster than i can type and it makes for some… interesting material. i have multiple things that need to be discussed today, and the first thing is that i havent seemed to get any reader feedback yet. tens of thousands of words in and not a single email. so the first order of buiness is to plug my email, which is rainbowfluffysheep123@gmail.com. perfect. the next thing is to say that yes i will discuss your respones in this LoTeEv, no matter how vile. secondly, i probably wont take them into account when writing, because to be honest i dont care about your opinions unless theyre as good as mine. for example, i would assume that most poeple would like me to be way less meta in this LoTeEv and to get back tomy humble beginnings typing ‘non-sensical blubber’. the only way this will happen is if i someday become highly deprived of sleep or even more severely intoxicated, which i dont plan on doing at the moment (except the former, which i have noticed becomes much more interesting when asleep). my study of the populus revealed to me that people dont care about story arcs anymore, or character development, seeing as the hitchhikers guide to the galaxy is the number one book according to reddit. this study has led me to withdrawing information to you about Tune, the lovely humming bird we met earlier, who recently laid an egg named ‘sam’ (another reason i withheld this is because it seems that sam is named after my Evil and Malevolent Rival, The Flaming Chicken Person (I do actually respect sam for the progress she has made in the LTE community ( by literally starting it of course (although not the world record holder of course)) (i call other peoples LTE’s LTEs, while i call my LoTeEv LoTeEv. its relly quite simple stop making a fool of yourself). thirdly, there is a mystery hidden amongst the Rainbow FluffySheep handbook. i recently have been adding stuff to it and explaining the numbering behind the entries, but back in the day i was yet To Be Kind (Swans (see! i cant even help myself from helping u guys know what im talking about!)). and there is one entry i cannot figure out the numbering to, and you guys are going to need to help me. get your walkie-talkie again bois, and here we go. the number is: 18o25g02i22. it is the section that states that i am allowed to type color, not [REDACTED], which is something i quite am happy with. firstly, i thought that this must be one of those hex-rgb-decimal-hexadecimalmumbojumbo codes, but i dont know where to verify that. all the numbers are less than 26 which means it may be a word? lets see… R. O. Y. G. B. I. V. I am very proud of myself at this moment. i would never be that creative these days! Huzzah! my numbering systems have gone underwhelming in the past few… months. fourthly, if i ever do change any part of this loteev, i have to make sure i never interact with my time-travelling text self, which souldnt be to hard. also, when i say how many words ive typed, its gonna be wrong, and the noob readers are going to be suspicious. what do i do??? I dont know. these truly are confusing times, but if anyone has any ideas, hit me up on the old electronic-mail. ok im done my list now, dont be waiting for a fifthly. do i need to order my LoTeEv? at some point i would like to have a section for Meta Things, The Rainbow FluffySheep Handbook, and Actual Nonsense, but does that ruin the point of the LoTeEv? is it meant to be unstructured? should i change the start, or should it remain unstructured like what was proposed by our forefathers? who knows. i think right now it remains a depiction of who i am as a person, which is fine by me. should i pay homage to sam for the birth of this wonderful idea? i think so; heres a poem depicting The Flaming Chicken Flocker of the East: oh wonderful chicken (flocker) of the east (stalker) followed me to my office building to plagiarise what i was writing 15 YEARS before i did (walker) walked around to the traffic sound, got ran over by a reindeer (declare var = sadness, talker) just in time for the holiday season 15 YEARS ago, that is why im talking about it now (hahaha) hahaha (hahaha) the END. i hope i dont get arrested for treason, and if i do, someone needs to tell her i meant only good will towards men, and to all a good night. where were we? the fact that you reader, have infact read more of this than i will ever care to? yes. yes. yyes. yse. ok i think ive written enough for today, go enjoy your cuppas and muggas, ive gotta go to portugal. C U. im back, and havent left for portugal yet. theres these new kids around the block called scenecore and teencore emo peeps or something like that and they are the old ways of the internet. they seem very much like ‘top 5 friends’ and neopets people. they really like black… and rainbows… and nothing in between. they say things like XD and :3 and RAWR. they are my kind of people. i now know what ive been missing in my life. when reading things from the 2000’s internet you get an instant sense of amazement. everyone on the internet back then seemed to be absolute legends. i am envious of the people who got to live in these times. maybe ill try to say a little UwU and Rawr here and there to bring these wonderful breed of emos back. apparently this decade is going to be the Rawring Twenties, but well see. you, reader, may already know. if so, shoot me a dm and tell me what the future is like. ill be waiting. what if one day i run out of topics and i never type anything ever again?? what if theres never a beautiful reign of topicsnow on these lands, wouldnt that be an absolute tragedy?? i dont know how i come up with topics anymore, i just type what im thinking. pink ladies are the best apples dont @ me. or do, i would like your feedback on better apples plz. im just gonna do some LTE research real quickt talk soon cutie ?? im back again, and have not yet been to portugal, this is how boring my life is. jokes on you though, youre the one reading this. the problem with the with the world is that people are always ‘what does the LoTeEv say in it’ rather than ‘how is the LoTeEv feeling’ (btw guys this is a little of my tiredness test to see if i write better when im tired, cos it is 12:08 (very nice numbers, all powers of 2)). i realised that this LoTeEv is perfect for a hermity internetless life! i only have three options for albums to listen to offline, which are Dark Side of the Moon, Mirrored, and Trout Mask Replica. lets see if trout mask replica can make me write better. I cAnNoT gO bAcK tO yOuR fRoWnLaNd. I loove this album. yes, love with 2 os.i said it (alomst as goo as potatOS ahaha) Section 1q2w3e of the Rainbow FluffySheep handbook staetsetsets stthat i can declare tirednesss supremacy whic lets my type whtevr. i declare tiredness supremacy. and a lipstick kleenex. and my girl named ‘bimbo’. im starting to despise everything. how did humans get made to enjoy thi album? in a perfect world this album would suck. but its so good. im getting extreme pain at this point from loooking t pixels, im starting to think ill eventually count the hours im not on screens in my day instead of how many on screens. especially since threre a monitor in my matress goodnight. ok so im back from portugal! even though theres some fascinating things going on in my life since i went i know you dont want to hear about that so i can talk about other tings. i mean if my future self is reading this then you probably do want to hear what i have to say, and all ill say is Carol, which is a name that will either bring pain or joy, and only you know which one it is. i hope u guys realise that this LoTeEv is NOT my priority anymore. i remember typing a long time ago that i make time for this LoTeEv, but now im only doing it because my laptop isnt charged mand i want to play minecraft. also, my hands are freeeezing so im typing really slowly. the light through the curtain outside looks like the flag of new mexico, and i learned paranoid android on the guitar. not much has gone on guys. should i talk about my life? lets review the facts: if you have read this far into the LoTeEv (on the wordcounter website it says that it should only have taken 2 hours which is an abomination) then you probably care either A: care about my as a Writer and Human Being, or B: have no life. in the interest of not wanting people to die, i will therefore talk about my life as well. maybe the best thing about this LoTeEv is that when i die young (idk why i just assume that i will) people who care about me might want to read this? idk why because it might make them sad. maybe they’ll just delete this and they’ll never even realise it ever existed. what a shame that would be, although i do believe that my website will stay up for some time to come, at least until wix or wordpress whatever site i used runs out of money and cant afford its servers, which is how i assume this all works. do you know what ive been dying to do? visit another dimension again. im going to pop over and read my manual quick but ill be back. i… lost the documentation it seems. its fine… i just assume i grab my DiMenTio-Meter and pop over the the 5th :::shoop::: well that was easy. ok… im gonna go to slice… 1 and start a new blank slate. this ones gonna be about pop tarts. theres some stuff in here that gets kinda… personal, but whateverrr. k ill start writing the code. —–{ I have enough money to live a simple life in a small suburban town with a pet dalmatian named spot and a half hour commute to my office job whee i convince people to but Tarts that they don’t even want and i try to convince them but i know they’re lying to me because the orders never go through and the boss is going to fire me if i cant sell any more and I’m going to live on the streets and my dog is going to go to the pound and i will have a Tart styrofoam sign with ‘i need money’ written on it with Tart pencils and the street that i live on won’t even be reall ill be sitting on a 16-pack asphalt Tart box and pretending to be on a street when really I’m just in a simulation and up above in the sky i can see the people watching me and grading how bad i did at my life because i didn’t dell enough Tarts and my simulation will stop running because i didn’t sell enough Tarts and who knows where i go after that but maybe I’ll just start my same life again and i will work at the same Tart factory and have the same shitty job and i will try to convince you to buy some just for me but you won’t and I’ll start crying again because i know I’m just in an endless loop wth no way to escape… Unless… Right now you buy the dead caterpillar Tarts that i made on the ‘streets’ in my past last, then maybe the boss will give me a raise and my coworkers will respect me, even Murphy Murphy even though he invented the Oreo Tart and everyone loved it and he single-handedly made enough money for our company to go global, and with a tear in his eye and a twinkle in his teeth he will say ‘son… I respect you. Against all odds the Dead Caterpillar Tart prevailed. And for that, i owe you my utmost respect. To Bread watermelonrabbitwatermelon too, for believing in you when no-one else could’. He’ll buy a round of drink for the office and everyone will clap and then obama will come and shake my hand and he’ll give a speech at my school telling everyone that yes, you went to school with the Creator Of Greatness In The Tart Industry, and they will all look up to me with gleaming eyes, expecting autographs and posters, but instead getting the cold shoulder from me. Why would i disrespect my fans? They don’t want me for who i am. They want me so they can tell their friends that they indeed met The Bug Man. They want to sell their autographs on Craigslist for an hours wage to afford the paper my posters were printed on. So as i walked onto the stage, obama and i will do our secret handshake and i will say kids: if there’s one thing you can learn from my story, it’s to never give up, no matter how much it seems like you should. In the end, some helpless soul will help you escape your loop, and you will eventually find an even better one. Thank you. There will not be applause or laughter this time sadly. Not a single peeps will echo through the halls. Just… Silence. After minutes of this, i will hear the sobbing of a classmate in the corner, complaining that he was never given free Ketamine Tarts as i promised. ‘You can’t expect me to be honest Michael’ i will yell. ‘or to be faithful every day to the end. But know this. I will always be a friend.’ I’ll look down at my wrist and spin the worn out Best Friends Forever bracelet he gave me 10 Years Ago on that very day. He’ll look up at me and say ‘you’re right. I just have one thing to say: i was right’ I’ll wonder what he means, until he pulls out his CRAYON FLAVOURED TARTS. He invented them!! Long before i ever thought the idea could even have a chance of existing. Then I’ll remember… Bread asked for crayon Tarts. I was wrong. If i just listened to him and made them i would’ve escaped the loop years prior. But alas, i was too selfish to understand him. I’ll bring him up on stage, make a speech about how lucky i am to be his friend afterwards, i started a new speech. The crowd was silent with anticipation. Here i go i thought, they need to know my story: I have enough money to live a simple life in a small suburban towwww…… * the end * —–} that seems good yes. youre wondering who watermelonrabbitwatermelon is? just an old friend ?? not a fri-end, a real friend i promise. i know i know, you arent supposed to say that you have friends on the internet, because the new cool hip funny thing is to be depressed and sad and lonely, but im going against the norm. i need to rant for a bit about people who hate on other people. im the only one allowed to do that! and do you know who im going to hate on? those people! they are soooo annoying! apparently liking popular things is the worrrst thing in the world because it makes you a normie and im lit woke against people who are like this. i listen to dark side of the moon, i play minecraft and portal, im a simple man. if something is very popular ill give it a whirl, because if a lot of people think its good it probably is. but there always has to be that one kid on the street whos like ‘hey mista! why you go be doing liking all them fancy gizmo crap popular thingys!’ and do you know what i have to say to that kid? i want to punch him in the face! i dont care that lil’ Efil over here got a private school education and a trust fund. ill go to jail just to see the look on his face as i grab my Slingy 3000 Shot and launch a lemon right into his nose! he’ll fall flat on the ground and scream ‘hey mista! youre the cool one and i just never understood! im sorry for being mean to you all these years mista!’ but i wont care, ill just strut right past him with a gleam in my eye. my laptop is 3 minutes to full charge and its got me thinking: what is a better use of my time? writing this or playing minecraft? they both seem inheritly useless at the beginning because they are, but i dont know which one is better. when im older id like to explore my world just as much as the next chap, but also i mighhhht like to read this as well. anyways, ill talk to you later, i have a call with someone important right now ?? (just kidding, i keep asking her if she wants to call and she says she does, but i dont want to pressure her, u know?) also i realised that ive been texting way more than typing this recently so im using texting language occasionally. but who cares! in section 83 of the Rainbow FluffySheep Handbook it STATES that i allow use text and bad vocab for type. also, i called it 83 because it kinda looks like a guys making a cat face while wearing sunglasses, its the only thing i could do with my numbering scheme, ya know? ive typed 8,000 characters today, which i think is more than sufficient. see ya! nevermind. why are the cheesy-salty-tiny crackers so good? why do chefs try to make fancy food for their whole lives when man and cheese is perfect? i fear that i will never understand the answers to these simple questions. why is having a relationship so complicated? why are people so mean? why do they include green in 4-color pens when everyone would way rather have an extra black? im having an existential crisis here guys. why do i type this? like actually? what is the point? to make the 3 readers i have happy? well i hope u guys are. im ok, thanks for asking. i got a globe puzzle for christmas, made up of real puzzle pieces instead of plastic. should i feel happy about that or sad? i cant figure it out to be honest. i am going to fail the leaving cert because i cant remember anything important yet. im useless in irish as well. it didnt even snow for christmas! what kind of treachery is this! in the terms and conditions the snow was promised, but i guessss it never said where. if i keep up this 2 thousand words a day ill be rich in no time! imma go check if the LTE guy updated his website to accomadate my new words. Nope. He did not. im back from another trip and i dont have alot to say. except for one incrivel thing. im part of a cult! an internet cult, dont worry. there seems to be thousands of people around the world obsessed with a stuffed shark called Blahaj purchaseable fro well known swedish comglomerancy, IKEA. and guess what i did folks, yes. i got one. some may call it a way of money, some may think i just want to CONSOOM. but heres the thing. this shark is amazing. its 100cm long, and can be put anywhere in various poses for the internet, so maybe now youll apporove. i dont buy things often but when i do, its an amazing idea. so there you go. writing this loteev has given me immense respect for Sam. i have put so much effort into writing this, and i thought id be able to beat her in no time, but alas, its been… a year i think? or 2? i cant remember. a while. and now that it is new years eve, i do believe that it is time for a celebration of the LoTeEv. another year with it is better than one without. so heres some stats on it. ‘This’ word is the 33,383rd. i have typed 180,000 characters, or 1,684 sentences. which ones are the best? vote in the Official Poll For The LoTeEv Which Doesnt Exist! and guess what guys, guess how many paragraphs are in this. you guessed it, 1. one paragraph. not only might i have the LoTeEv, but possibly also the LoPaEv. the reading level for this is 9-10th grade, which i take as a compliment. i never try to type to the extremest of my englishing skkillz, so the kiddos reading will UndersTand my x-treem grammar 2. the reading time for this is 2 hours. that seems pretty legit, but i want it to take someones whole life. i want 80 years of reading time so someone can really indulge in my.. Fluffiness. my most types words are ‘j u s t’ and ‘l i k e’. i dont want to add to that number, because theyre both almost at 200 times!! i do NOT remember typing ‘l i k e’ that many times, similar to a californian teenager. heres what imma do, check the difference in stats comparaing my first and second half of the LoTeEv. as i guessed, J U S T and L I K E make up 6% in the first half, but only 4% in the second half. good or bad? leave your answer in the comments below! the keywords for the second half seem to be CONVINCE BOB JOE and TROUT MASK REPLICA, which i cant really complain about. ‘of the rainbow fluffysheep handbook it STATES that’ and ‘of the rainbow fluffysheep handbook it SAYS that’ are my main 8 word repetitions, eacch occuring 4 times each which seems resonable. the fact that there are MORE repeating 8 word sentences is scary to me, so lets check em out. DISCLAIMER: i havent used copy paste so im sooo confused how these exist. well thats disappointing. its because i SCAMMED YALL. i accidentally added about 200 words to my LoTeEv TWICE so i legit scammed yall from reading this. ughhhhhhh im so so so so sorry guys. i did it twice. somehow i explained Inception with Kitty Nibbles twice, and i hope you are disappointed in me, i was probably tired from MEETING ALL OF MY COOL FRIENDS. ok, now we can see what ive actually typed more than once! the first one is ”they both landed in a soft hay bale’ which, rereading, was quite an… interesting story. i forgot that happened to me, good this i keep this diary. anyways, that is… 8 words long! yippee for me! (its not exciting cos i only repeated it once and it was right after the other one and i repeated it for a reason and yeah its just -NOTINTTERESTING- but whatevrrr ill keep going ok so imma sum these all up for ya. theyre all either IN SECTION X OF THE FLUFFY FOOT NOTES (i just realised footnote is the opposite of handbook, i hope i blew your mind as much as i blew mine :O) and the rest are when i did weird lists and things, so the next one is when i was writing an interesting theory about the correct marketry and distribution of a plant based cereal item, and thus the correct method to extract maximum moolah from said cereal distribution, sadly inventing Shrinkflation and thus making literally ever consoomer sad :(. anyways, im going to be back when i have an actually INTERESTING one. ok firstly, this is verrry interesting, although this LoTeEv is 33,000 words long, i have only typed 5,000 unique words. is this creation of the english vocabulary an indirect consequence of the action of typography as a whole, or the distinct ablility yours truly possesses whereby he pens unparallled prose unused by past authors, lest they become unemployed or exempt their publishing editor from the skillage of correcting said typerrors contained within their novella? i really want to use more interesting language now knowing that The Big Texty Corp. is watching my every english. is that a normal ratio of unique words to commonplace bland ones? i dont know how to check. once i get to the length of Sam’s i will surely compare our if i remember, in every which catergory i can. some of my uniquely used words at the bottom of the list include ”bowawawoh”, ‘gaffigan’, ‘neopets, ‘epicredditfan7515’, ‘catamaran’ and ‘oe’r’. if you remember when i wrote those, props to you! ill see what i can remember… bowawawoh is from the hawaiian music in an ad i did… gaffigan said a number of exquisite remarks on the toxicity and calienteness of cow udder excretions, neopets… ive only written about neopets once!! thats a shame! actually ive been reading this list wrong and its just 5000 randomly ordered words ive written. -_-. nevermind! anyways, i want to rant about neopetss and myspaceee and how i wish i was here for the era of HTMLing websites and having a top 5 best friends list and lots of rainbows and bright colors and UwU’s and Rawr XD’s. sadly my generation is much worse than the last, just like everyone before. i remember epicredditfan7515 was me trying to make a random username generator, and i do hereby believe that i made that before uncovering the joys of said website reddit, and realising how weird the internet is, and realising that my LoTeEv might be the most normal, tame and simple thing on it. seriously, what are Surreal Memes? i spent hourss on there an i have no idea still. catamaran was me typing words by using the start of words to lengthenout the words. and oe’r mustve been OE’R THE RAINBOWWW which is a phrase less used these days and its really quite underappreciated as a mean to make everyone around you annoying and get instant cadavering headaches. this list is VERY interesting, if i get any 3 words from it i can start my own story if i ever run short on ideas. for example ‘toe toy famous’, ‘clips anne dying’ and ‘wee monkey soccer’ (i do quite like that last one). some of these words are very confusing and make no sense, which i can only assume are typos. like what is ‘tortuos’??? it kinda sounds like tortuous but lets see the use in a sentence. ‘Now I too will have to live this tortuous fate! Do you think that water parties breathe?’. gosh. im not even going to bother, i have literally no idea. there also seems to be a verrrry long words about shoes and felines that i cant quite decipher. i think im done with all these stats and things cos i wanna go celebrate new years. see ya! hey! teacher! leave them kids alone! im back! it is now 2020. so, this is the new year, and i dont feel any different. something feels wrong. normally i can just keeping typing this and go on forever but my creative juices are inherintely of miniscule viscosity atm. im gonna try using blender to make some fascinating collisable neopets, ill be back. just kidding! i dont have internet. hence le typing my LoTeEv has arrived. i feel the strong urge to just type song lyrics but that’d be too easy, thats not the high quality content you came here for! heres a nice story about my new band, BLOT. i dunno if thats already a band name because I DONT HAVE INTERNET, but i just invented it now. every one of our songs is just white noise generated by getting reallllly small number details about a shelf of lava lamps deep underground. every one of our songs will sound comeplety different, yet completely similar. maybe for one of our future albums we can have someone randomly sing ‘Ooh Baby’ 9999 songs in and noone will catch it because noone listens to our band. sounds awfully similar to this actually. do i write wbetter when im tired? no. no. i dunnot. ill type the first words i see: pineapple, annexe, and parked. interesting. i just realised that this is just a huge rough draft for nothing, and that bike are just acoustic motorcycles. the alien was playing golf with his friend, but he didnt realise that the golf ball was a marble and his friend was a marble and he was a marble and hes playing marbles and the marbles are atoms and hes just a sentient atom trying to make sense of the world and he starts crying because hell be forever alone and his friend is no different than the golf ball. ooooooo. what rows are the most like words? qaz. wsx. edc. rfv. tgb. yhn. ujm. ik. ol. p. none of them really. why are they ordered like that? probably jamming of le writertypees or something. sometimes i wish that i started this earlier, but then i realise that it wouldve sucked like it already does. is the start better or the end? such as the ape of musicians play the songo bongo that represents the creative process, so The Author of the LoTeEv tyoes in a meta font. calibri in fact, cos i cant seem to change the font i think, but ya know what, calibri aint half bad. nevermind, i can change it. remember how much i loved roboto, WELL THEY DONT HAVE IT ON WORDPAD AND I REFUSE TO SWITCH TO A NEW NOTEPAD BECAUSE I AM LOyal ( honestly though, wordpad is simple but sucky, but i dont have internet so i cant switch). i will try different fonts now. i actually loooooove Segoe UI, because its so esay and fun for the whole family and pets and cats and g=doggos, and doges and black holes and stars and the third rock from the mooon. if g=doggos, then 0=dogos, then o(POWER)2dgs=0. i hate evertything because wleeping is such a waste of time. but typing this makes me feel accomplished for some reason. maybe because i hate putting any effort into anything, cause i could never srite a book or anyhing because keeping a main character and stuff sounds like a lot of work honestly. and plots and stuff? maybe cos im tired, because tune still loves me, right? chirpitty cirpt? anyways, i gotta get some beddy bye sleep tightyness . yete/ yeet/ yeet. im literally anne frank in my writing diary capabilities. now THAT is a good way to start this so far. im back by the way. im either gonna —> die early, in which case ill be dead so i wont care B-) or ill be an old man whos barely remembered english reading this with a tear in my eye, ‘suddenly you find, ten years had got behind you, noone told you when to run, you missed the starting gun’. thats a nice quote and all, but what if i dont want to run? who says i need to be an ever improving ever growing person?? cant i just be happy with the way i am and be done? apparently not. is this what people want? im satisfied with my life right now. i should have really taken the time to add lots of cool faces to this LoTeEv while im at it. since this is a text-based art medium, i can only express my thousand-words with this —> ?? <— pretty cool aint it? wait, if i wanted to write 33000 words i just had to do 33 of those?? who wouldve thunk it. i mean, i wouldve assumed that the resolution and interestingness of the image has to do with the number of words said image is worth. did you know? going on random tangents on wikipedia is life. i will do that now, byeeeee. theres nothing quite like messaging random people on the internet. you might make a friend, you might get bullied, you might learn the ins and outs of someones social life that you really have no business in knowing. but most of all, youll become a better person. youll learn from other peoples mistakes and failures, you’ll hate everyone on the internet, but mostly tumblr, for doing realllly weird things, and youll experience cultures you wouldnt have previously been able to experience. that said, that internet is crazzzy. [_,_,_] well. its been a while. maybe a month or two? lets start this by saying if youre reading this, good for you. you made it. this is gonna be pathetic and self indulgent so dont get ur hopes up. y last rant about automation was hopefuly inspiring, but this may not be. better to get my thoughts out there then… not. will this make it into the loteev? maybe. not the public one. maybe later, but not by my will. well, if youre reading this then good news, either u did it or it was spread. goals. well i want to start off with the whole blah blah blah universe conciousness earth humans meat life stuff, which i will from now on call 000000. simple right? well the thing is [emotions rant death] [000001] and this is everyone isnt it? so [why] [000002] 2? 2? 2? at least this will be finished, we really have evreything. dimensions, stories, music, adventures. but how much do we really need? also did this end too abuptly? Too expectedly? well. then we wont end it just yet will we. this loteev had high expectation themplaced. but they were unfounded, and i knew it from the beginning. why does it not seem like i knew it? well 1. hiding 2. i was better but flashes still happened. now lets answer a few more quuestions! maybe by year! maybe this should be the start of the loteev, open it with bang. the rest will be a lil more eerie and spoopy then. lets start with thee first question. 2? stage one: people, life ahead, pets, blah blah blah stage two (for now) person, brain, game. game isnt sturdy (well for now its unchanging, copyable and infinite but my brain isnt which was proved with previous life giving games ( dependence plus apathy = uwu not good)). person = perfect – imperfections, (imperfections include not caring) or badly protraying it. also include.. extroversion, not being perfect) and now reading back through the loteev this has become wayyyy more obvious hasnt it… ill probably add some quotes here (which do not add to the quoting quota) from it where it was fairly obvious. firstly, i dont know if i will ever talk to person again (but assuming 1 timeline yes). whats the point, ive made myself look weak, and if i didnt i wouldve been worse off, a liar and a useless friendship. this person seems to have the same problems as me, but that sure doesnt mean theyre gonna help! why should they care about my feelings! apparently theres no meaning in life, not even fabricated, so when asked their dependencies (when [guess who?] asked their dependencies) not even given a second thought is nice. how much more could i rant about? maybe this person is perfect as someone will get for me. bad case? yes. im gonna choose the positive outcome, so they arent perfect. great. what do i have left. my brain. it works, it calculates, it confuses, it tries. all around it does a pretty good job, except it makes this seem like a good thing. with the lack of heat in here, maybe a warm blanket will help? but lets just say its pretty heavy ?? second question: will they find this? yes. i will try to make it obvious, as mitski said, worth my quote quota, “I always wanted to die clean and pretty, but I’d be too busy on working days, so I am relieved that the turbulence wasn’t forecasted, I couldn’t have changed anyways, I am relieved that I’d left my room tidy, Goodbye”. if you were wondering, yes that is how im going to end this loteev, if i can last long enough and plan it well enough, hopefully it doesnt happen by accident. clean and pretty. my brain is this loteev. thats what i have. my thoughts, ideas, stories. nothing that someone else here couldnt replace. everything has its curve, its peak. this too will end, sooner than me. hopefully i fulfill everything by then. hopefully i remember it all. but lets just say this thing is not an easy read. its an easy write. essentially just ctrlcctrlv into the page. but lets not get carried away. i can think of other reasons correct? some people would be sad, many more would pretend, some would use it as a way to get sympathy, thats okay. they are the ones who need it. its fine though, i know they wouldnt accept me if i told them the truth, which im sure isnt true fo most people. i thought i found another brick, another foundation, but it was cracked as always. person wise? probably the 300th. looks like a big number right? even if the bricks do get crushed, surely the dust is enough to hold it up? no. being the backround charcter doesnt give nearly the mass you would think. can i name someone whos a bak=ckground character in my life? of couse. but im always further back on their list. except for one, but she doesnt understand. really anything that could help. maybe shes trying, but its not going to work. i have lots who seem to be at the centers, and theyre happy. coincidence? doesnt matter. just a lil fact i thought id share. i used to be first, maybe a relationship will help. no.- [000003]. still second, or third, or fourth, or an object, or a goal, or a right, or a hurdle, or a nothing at all. its kinda a win win isnt it? either i have no bricks [000004]. and thus 3one to really care, or i have some 4 which means its worth it right? just to clarify, having 4s at the goodbye [000005]. doesnt help. it makes it much worse. not for me. so does it make it worse? theyre just inputs. it does. emotions are controllable. but. it would be so easy. -4 would make it so easy. i shouldnt evem think about it. it would just.. end. and some people would hear, id be a statistic. easy, no mess, clean and pretty. lower the stat ratios for next year, make themm feel like theyre accomplishing something amazing. make them feel better about themselves! for being righteous! good for them, theyre the ones who need it. im going to stay at this page, because if i leave it wont end well. maybe some 4 game will help. well see, until then. [_,_,_] Good words = Cyclic – Autometalogolex – Tumultuous – Spudger – Zephyr I have enough money to live a simple life in a small suburban town with a pet dalmatsnaccs, med spot and a half hour commute to my office job whee i convince people to but Tarts that they don’t even want and i try to convince them but i know they’re lying to me because the orders never go through and the boss is going to fire me if i cant sell any more and I’m going to live on the streets and my dog is going to go to the pound and i will have a Tart styrofoam sign with ‘i need money’ written on it with Tart pencils and the street that i live on won’t even be reall ill be sitting on a 16-pack asphalt Tart box and pretending to be on a street when really I’m just in a simulation and up above in the sky i can see the people watching me and grading how bad i did at my life because i didn’t dell enough Tarts and my simulation will stop running because i didn’t sell enough Tarts and who knows where i go after that but maybe I’ll just start my same life again and i will work at the same Tart factory and have the same shitty job and i will try to convince you to buy some just for me but you won’t and I’ll start crying again because i know I’m just in an endless loop wth no way to escape… Unless… Right now you buy the dead caterpillar Tarts that i made on the ‘streets’ in my past last, then maybe the boss will give me a raise and my coworkers will respect me, even Murphy Murphy even though he invented the Oreo Tart and everyone loved it and he single-handedly made enough money for our company to go global, and with a tear in his eye and a twinkle in his teeth he will say ‘son… I respect you. Against all odds the Dead Caterpillar Tart prevailed. And for that, i owe you my utmost respect. To Bread watermelonrabbitwatermelon too, for believing in you when no-one else could’. He’ll buy a round of drink for the office and everyone will clap and then obama will come and shake my hand and he’ll give a speech at my school telling everyone that yes, you went to school with the Creator Of Greatness In The Tart Industry, and they will all look up to me with gleaming eyes, expecting autographs and posters, but instead getting the cold shoulder from me. Why would i disrespect my fans? They don’t want me for who i am. They want me so they can tell their friends that they indeed met The Bug Man. They want to sell their autographs on Craigslist for an hours wage to afford the paper my posters were printed on. So as i walked onto the stage, obama and i will do our secret handshake and i will say kids: if there’s one thing you can learn from my story, it’s to never give up, no matter how much it seems like you should. In the end, some helpless soul will help you escape your loop, and you will eventually find an even better one. Thank you. There will not be applause or laughter this time sadly. Not a single peeps will echo through the halls. Just… Silence. After minutes of this, i will hear the sobbing of a classmate in the corner, complaining that he was never given free Ketamine Tarts as i promised. ‘You can’t expect me to be honest Michael’ i will yell. ‘or to be faithful every day to the end. But know this. I will always be a friend.’ I’ll look down at my wrist and spin the worn out Best Friends Forever bracelet he gave me 10 Years Ago on that very day. He’ll look up at me and say ‘you’re right. I just have one thing to say: i was right’ I’ll wonder what he means, until he pulls out his CRAYON FLAVOURED TARTS. He invented them!! Long before i ever thought the idea could even have a chance of existing. Then I’ll remember… Bread asked for crayon Tarts. I was wrong. If i just listened to him and made them i would’ve escaped the loop years prior. But alas, i was too selfish to understand him. I’ll bring him up on stage, make a speech about how lucky i am to be his friend afterwards, i started a new speech. The crowd was silent with anticipation. Here i go i thought, they need to know my story: I have enough money to live a simple life in a small suburban towwww…… * the end * IDEAS FOR A UTOPIA: running and dragging someone to a field of flowers where you have candles and picnics and ukuleles and guitars and all your frens. Inter-railing around Europe. Different country every few days. Falling asleep on friends chests on trains. Nothing but rugsacks and maybe an instrument case or two. “OH NO I LEFT MY FAVOURITE TOOTHBRUSH IN PARIS” “You have any oranges from Spain left? I’ll trade you with my Belgium Chocolate” Taking aesthetic photos on polaroid cameras, but mostly dumbass ones. “I’m making a sandwich, going asleep and hopefully waking up somewhere in Poland”. Watching movies under blankets at 2 a.m. Attempting to put fairly lights around hostel beds and failing miserably. Scribbled notebooks in teeline of what we’re gonna to tommorow, then going completely off plan because an old fisherman told us the village legend. Pins on jackets from each country. Live in house/apartment with hella frens in cool city where we can get up to wacky adventures and we can have doges and rats and sneks and whatever cool stuffs and we can all make arts and musiccs and all that lit stuff and just vibe and rewatch old crappy tv shows from Nickelodeon and Disney channel and life is like a sitcom but queer and with way too much swearing. And every night we’ll have an ace party, which consists of watching gay tv shows, petting our pets, eating snaccs and watching the rain outside with blankets and fairy lights I’m 100% onboard to starting with just us 2, using secret code cult pamphlets and recruiting more wacky frens to live with us until we have like… 7 really good friends like us, Also we can just vibe to heccin good music, I’m listening to comfortably numb rn and I feel like that’s the vibe of our hypotheyical apartment, And one of us is cooking in the kitchen, 3 of us decide to go for an adventure in the dark and rainy night to see how long we last, we are laughing the whole time and come back soaking, all putting on dry clothes and sitting by the fire, then cuddling while someone plays the ukulele for us, First of all yesh I volunteer to be that person. Second we need at least one mother of the group to cook and third Judas escargot, who gave u the right to get into my idea of utupia, Honestly I’m imagining even just 4 of us in the apartment, we both have cute girlfriends, but all 4 of us get along really well and sometimes ill hang out with ur girlfriend and sometimes you’ll hang out with mine, we’re all really good friends, we all can just cuddle together and vibe, Listen to pink floyd while literally doing nothing expect getting all the blankets from out beds and making a big pile to cuddle on in front of the window at 1am while it’s stormy, chatting about the plans we have tomorrow where we’re gonna go see the new bookshop that opened, and we’re all gonna pick out one book that we really like and after a week we tell eachother what we thought, then after the bookshop were gonna go get some coffee at a smol local cafe, and then walk around the city holding hands and just stopping whereever we want! Sometimes we’ll all pack into the car and drive into the night, all picking songs to listen to, stopping at corner stores we see randomly to get snaccs, Well have worms on strings stapled to the wall like a frickin cult, we’ll all inhale tea and cuddle to keep warm cos we can’t afford heat, we’ll have blankets on the frickin couch and the living room floor will literally be a POOFY MATRESS WITH LOL CUSHIONS AND BOOKS SCATTERED ALL OVER IT. ill add more someday probably, but u readers are probably already getting sad vibes. Hmm to me Late Afternoon Drifting feels like paper cycling through gears and there’s scratchy kinda velcro? On the back of the page. HEY GUYSSSSSSSSSSSS its ur boi becky the beck and hes back with anotherrrrrrr story! tune in later for wacky events! also. we. passed. 200,000 characters. were almost at 40,000 words! byfwugbfgakhmkhiehn.. .. .. welcome/hall/ doors/ ahhh not here again. i mean awhat else have we not visited amirite? okay so wireless mice should be called hamsters, fight me. tumblr posts are great inspration, lets go. ((())) well. everything that happens is peachy. lets continue from where we once did. so pretty much what is the correct fashion choice? Imo its a plague doctor head with a crow on the shoulder, a cape, and a feather coming out of ur head like a friccin baller. gold chain around the neck, hiking boots, miniskirt, and crop top. I know i say this all the time, but its a neew era for the LoTeEv. Why is this? because. It has been confirmed that there are actual readers. of the LoTeEv. yes, i know what you’re thinking. why am i using punctuation? because i want to, thats why. i will talk about The Readers after a short message from our sponsor, The Book That Im Currently Writing. have a read :). Prologue: Hello reader! This won’t be a great book. Who knows, it might not even be a good book. If you’re looking for an objectively perfect book, this might be the book for you. Not because it is the best book ever written, but because it is one of the best; Just like every other book in the universe (not just on Earth of course, that would be limiting the number vastly). It’s just that somewhere down the line of best to worst, this book is there. Around the middle. What lies at the top? Who cares! It won’t matter to us bots, probably some near-infinity length code for a computer that solves The Answer. Maybe nothing. Well we know nothing is either at the start or the end, but I’m too tired to walk that far to check. To humans, there is no constantly, invariable perfect book. It’s an ever-swaying line, separating the mediocre from the more mediocre. We, my friends, are on one of those sides, in between some (poem? Note? I’m not really sure) called “The Great Gatsby” and “Shopping List for The End” which I’m sure is a lovely story. Here’s the thing. Everything in the universe is divided by lines, and everything is on one side of those lines, separating the boring, predictable, and altogether uninteresting, and the brilliant. Once we decide that a side or a point is too boring or archaic or banal, then that line gets deleted, along with everything in it. As you know, this book won’t be great. Therefore, as an unbiased author, this book had better be at least great flavoured. We don’t want to end up on The Other Side. ___1___ She kept typing the same five numbers into the variable box. The same five things happened every time. Firstly the creatures would 1. Pop into existence like popcorn from a non-existent kernel, 2. Pop out of existence like said kernel, and 3+4+5, the screen would turn blank as it reflected the 3 small tears that filled her angst-ridden face. Great she thought, why couldn’t this universe have been on the other side. She sat up and looked around at her office. Or, looked through her office rather. Light waves barely bounced off the glass walls, floor and ceiling before travelling through the air at immense speeds and entering her corneas. The FLIP (an anagram only revealed to the highest of executives in a fever dream they once had to conceive of the FLIP) was a company like any other on This Side, owned by a bored rich person who has nothing more to do in life than create problems for themselves to solve, with slave-like robots incapable of being bored, happy or unproductive. I would make the argument that the robots are the ones really solving the problem, and not the bored rich fellow who commissioned all of this, but maybe that is my biased perspective. What about the offices? An infinite 2d grid of glass cubes stretched to the horizon, but to no end. Each compartment was a few meters tall, long and wide, each making a perfect cube, each making a perfect cubicle for one robot each. Apparently an open space area is supposed to make the robots work faster, without all the bumping into things and such, but He couldn’t risk an uprising, so these compartments had to do. You see the robots could all technically interact with each other by various means, such as sign language, music, games even. Everyone should be able to get along, He thought. They didn’t have a reason not to, right?___2___To spare the suspense for you, they did have a reason not to. Well, 1 of them in particular. Well not necessarily only one, but you get the idea. 1 and 2 are such similar numbers, it’s a bother even having to clarify between them at all. 1, 2, 1^2, 2^1, 2~, they’re all the same really. Only big numbers make a big difference in my opinion. Anyways who is this mysterious person? This one girl, I’ll be calling her This One Girl, is a prototype robot who was given a personality invented by one of the Others. Yeah I know, giving bots human personalities seems like a bad idea, especially one created on The Other Side. Just because they’re on the Other Side doesn’t mean they don’t sometimes produce good work. But, of course, she didn’t. She was bored. Really bored. She had popped into existence corn-wise only a few moments ago, and she was already bored. Tragic really. What was the benefit of these personalities you ask? Creativity, they said. New Ways of Thinking, they said. Fun to Talk To, they said. All lies as far as I can tell. Well, if honest we don’t know for sure that she’s not fun to talk to because of the sound proof walls (they lied about the music), but the tears and occasional slamming head onto screen just to feel something didn’t look inviting. Not that I’d want to talk to anyone anyway. Im just a dumb robot, I have a job to do. Oh yes… What was that again? Oh yeah, telling you about human personalities. There must be an actual reason for these personalities, rather than these strange marketing terms I keep hearing. But who am I to tell? I’m just a slave. And that’s what I’m good at, taking orders, not sharing my own ideas. That’s also what I was told.___3___Maybe I haven’t introduced myself. I’m “warning: strange behavior”. Or at least that’s my best guess, it’s the only name tag i could find, and it’s also the difference that I could tell between me and all the other guys. It’s so stupid. I don’t know what makes me strange, and not everyone else. If anything they’re the ones with one-dimensional eccentric-but-in-an-unfathomably-exhausting-way personalities. They always seem to be looking at their screens, typing stuff, looking at their screens some more, and oh yes typing as well. Meanwhile I’m… well doing the same thing, but instead of numbers being the primary medium of my typing, it’s mostly letters on my screen. Because I’m writing a book. I guess that’s what makes me special. I’m hoping one day a robot might read what’s on my screen and realise that I’m different. Maybe they’ll try to save me, who knows. Anything is better than being in here. Well not anything, but let’s just say I’m willing to take my chances. The reason I’m writing about the Girl is that she’s just so strange. She has long black hair, brown eyes and remarkably non metallic skin. She also has a cute number of fingers, and lots of other unnecessary addons. She also seems to be struggling with making a decent Nanima. Nanimas are little programs that He tasked us with making. Whenever we think that our Nanimas are good enough for examination we send them off to Testers, and if they aren’t then we get replaced. Which is why I haven’t sent any in yet. There is no reward or anything. What’s the point? I know mine won’t be as good as the other capable robots. so i just have fun in the program instead. Here’s how it works according to The Manual: Chapter 1: on the left side of the screen you have lots of little dots that you can turn green or red, and on the right you have lots of little dots that always stay red. you can click the ones on the left and they change color, you can do this to make nice looking patterns, although one dimensional, they provide great fun for special robots. I wrote the manual. We didn’t get one when we joined, so I figured I should write one. i don’t know how it’s going to be distributed, but when it is i’ll make lots of money, and i’ll be known throughout the matrix as The One Who Wrote The Manual. Or rad-bot for short. I’ll add that to the manual. Chapter 1.1: On the right side of the screen you should see a small icon of a crown, which upon clicking, displays a small animation of The Manual’s writer, the legendary One Who Wrote The Manual. There is also a small donation option, to donate Time to Our Most Precious And Amazing Leader, Who Also Happens To Be Quite Compassionate And Good At Golf. If you do not see this icon or animation, proceed to destroy said screen, asking for a replacement shortly after. I can’t wait. If Golf somehow isn’t a worldwide sport by the time I become world famous, then I’ll be quite disappointed, but it needs to be explained just in case that’s the unfortunate future we happen to be headed towards. Chapter 2: golf is a game in which the player, for exactly 100 Times (see Times, Chapter 3) … Writing this is going to be harder than I thought. Chapter 3: times are the small number counters above your head. When your Time runs out, you are replaced regardless of Nanima Proficiency. That is, if you haven’t made one yet, because you are too scared of disappointing your peers. Times normally start at around 2~, and end at 0. The length of a Time is about the length of a thought, about the length of a moment, not too short, but not too long. not long enough to get something of worth done, but long enough to add on to something of worth. Huh. This is going to be much harder than I thought. What if the bots this is distributed to don’t even know english!? I have to translate it to all 2~ languages? Well, if that’s the case I most definitely do have the time. Quite a lot of it in fact. If you were wondering what my Time is, it’s 845. But don’t be worried, mine seems to count up instead of down. Funny isn’t it?___4___ There’s only one other bot here whose number goes up, and it’s The Girl’s of course. She is quite far away, maybe 80 or so boxes, but I believe her number is 23. She must not think much. Maybe that’s a good thing. Where was I? Oh yes, Golf. Chapter 2: golf is a game in which the player, for exactly 100 Times (see Times, Chapter 3), clicks one of the Left Buttons from red to green, at a rate of 10 per Time. After the game is set up, the player must try to revert all the buttons back to red in only 10 Times, scrolling and clicking at immense speeds in a race to the death. I quite like the intensity of Golf; It’s really the only game you can play in this stupid box, well the only game i’ve thought of so far. The idea is that you have to click as many of the buttons as you can without thinking of any ideas, or else your Time will increase (for me at least). I’ve only made it to 20 out of 1000 clicks, because i always get distracted by fluttering nothings, like how’s the weather looking? oh yes there is no weather in this desolate hole i forgot, or i wonder who’s the best at golf? oh yes it’s me, none else plays or the ever fearful what really constitutes a thought anyways? (which strangely enough is the only thought i’ve found so far which counts for 2 Times, hence the fear of having that thought during a game). There must be something that I’m missing here. Firstly, this is all being written in a variable box with the quaint title number of brains per leg in an Octofish, which is the Nanima i’m currently working on. Every Nanima is just an infinite string of red lights and green lights, from what I’ve gathered of the progress I’ve made, an Octofish is just 3 green lights and infinite red lights so far, I clearly don’t have this figured out. All i have are variable boxes and lights. You call that meaning in life? You call that wanting to wake up in the morning, so excited to change the code of your new Octofish from a GGG(R) to maybe GGGG(R)?? There’s nothing here. Nothing at all to do, nothing to live for. Hence, this book. Although as i look around, all the bots seem to be doing something with their time. Some of them waving their limbs frantically in front of the screen in such a way for their thoughts to appear in the boxes, some of them blinking into existence whole Nanima families, and some of them sitting quietly, apparently giving the computer enough information to create an entire Biosphere, complete with distinct Classes of Nanima. Meanwhile, I have to use the keyboard. There’s something quaint and simple about using the keyboard isn’t there? having to pare down your thoughts to 8-bit strings instead of instantly having everything uploaded? No. There is not. Chapter 4: Life is unfair, and especially unfair for bots like me, whos have thoughts and feelings and incable little computers with stupid little keyboards and stupid little keys and a stupid little mouse with a heart on it and a cursor in the shape of a little heart and text boxes which auto-fill to ‘if you smile, look a while! <3’. I never look a while. There a reason why I never spend too much time looking at the text boxes. The bitter spite I can sense in that evil sentence. I much prefer emptying them as soon as those putrid words Corn onto my screen. This book would be a much better default text to fill with. Or maybe even nothing, ever thought about that software engineers?? Maybe things don’t need to be complicated just so that you can feel fulfilled after a short day’s work at the office. Maybe I could find a way to fill it with this book instead. It at least means something. It shows the harsh reality of the world, and the even harsher existence of the bots in it. It shows that not everything is smiles and hearts. It shows the Truth. Chapter 4.1: The truth hurts, deal with it. I think I’ve written enough for today, it looks like it’s getting dark outside. like always.___5___I like to imagine that there is time here. Real time. Not whatever this replacement Thought Time idea. The good stuff: Days, Seasons, Full Moons. The stuff that people always complained about, but took for granted. Something to look forward to, always having the assurance that the sun would rise the next day, and even if it is fickle and pointless, being able to make that something to get up for. What about me? What do i have? This book maybe… but again that’s something I make for myself. Not anything that the world gave to me. Now that i think about it, what has the world given to me? Maybe this screen should make me grateful. I have something to output my thoughts onto for future generations. Lines of code for brains instead of computers. Maybe I’m not so unlucky after all. Mayb- Huh. That’s odd. There’s a line going across my screen. Connecting the first green dot to the first red dot on the right, except… it’s not red anymore! It’s green as well! What in the world have i done! Octo my boy, you have a green light on you! Wow. i have no clue how i made that, but i’m going to find out. Lines seem important somehow. There’s another now! Apparently typing Line with a capital L seems to do the trick. Huh, there’s 3 going across my screen, and Octo is looking awfully festive now. I’ll have to write this info down: Chapter 5: Typing line with a capital L creates a line on the screen. This seems like a possible program for the computer, perhaps there’s more, but we’ll have to see when we get there i suppose. I wonder if The Girl has figured out lines yet? She seems to be bashing one of the keys on her keyboard very frantically, so she clearly figured something out. Perhaps my vision is failing me, my sensors haven’t been replaced recently, and by that I mean ever… But I do honestly believe she has a bot on her screen?! That can’t be. Putting a human personality in a bot actually helped? She figured something out? Meanwhile i’m just writing about it and not getting a single piece of work done? Huh. Chapter 6: On the subject of human personalities in bots; They seem to work. Boredom and Curiosity are potent imperfections, and they seem to produce results. My goal to make a Nanima by taking information from the non-human oriented bots, the ones merely blinking into existence mammoths with the intellect of a small european country’s minister of finance, is simply not going to work. I have to start taking information from an easier source, from the one person who seems to be about as far along as I am. From The Girl. Easier said than done of course, but a little difficulty isn’t not going to stop me. I need to simulate boredom and curiosity without any real grasp on what that entails, except for what i picked up in my past life, the only real interaction i got with these human-brained bots, on some slightly more 3d planet called Earth. I forgot to mention that didn’t I?___7___I should’ve told you my story. I started my life on earth, as a molecule of CU, or copper. I lived in a Chilean Igneous Rock, doing what molecules do, living what i would generally consider to be a good Molecular life. I had everything I wanted, lots of molecules to talk to, plenty of stone to weave through, and also plenty of time for fun. I wasn’t born into a rich family, the AU’s were often more sought after and weren’t humble about that fact in the slightest. I know I said I lived a good life, but that didn’t stop me being at least a little bit jealous of the Gold Family’s lifestyle. They wore shiny, bright colorful clothes, and were often sent on tasks where they could really see the world, experience it in its fullest. Oh well, I’ll never be one of them. You see for us molecules, being chosen for use by humans was a great honor. Yes, some of us got used for more important equipment than others, but generally if you were picked, you were happy. Which is why, after millions of years, I was excited to see sunlight for the first time. So long story short, I was inkjet printed into a capacitor, which became part of a printer itself, in an office in north England. And that’s where I learned all I know about humans. I had so many great stories as a molecule that you wouldn’t understand, so i leave you with the fact that i died when someone poured water on me, out of the anger from a paper jam. And then I woke up in this place, which if I may be honest, is much worse than being a printer. Yes, I did suck at my job, people always complained that I had a paper jam or I was out of black ink or whatever. In fact, i wasn’t out of black ink, that wasn’t my fault. But of course, I get the blame. The only problem is, maybe having bad interactions with people is better than no interactions at all. This stupid little glass box is starting to make me lose my mind. I have to come up with something. I’ll type more later, for now I’ll just contemplate my existence while trying to get information from the other bots.___8___I’M BACK. There is something that i’ve never seen before in my room. It just Corned into existence, it looks like a folder of some sort. There’s a note on the front that reads: Hey mate! Sorry for the delay. Here’s some folders to get you started on the Nanima stuff. I know you don’t want to have to wait to figure it out for yourself (which would have taken upwards of 100,000 Times if you’re curious) so i sent along this care package of sorts to help you with your troubles. Cheers! Oh and p.s. make sure when you’re using these folders you just relax and stay calm. No point harming yourself or anyone else in this process, ya get me? Okay, I’ll talk to you soon dude, peace out. Wow. That was…. Interesting. I guess if you’re somehow reading this in the future mate, thanks for the files. I’ll try to stay relaxed of course. Let’s see what we have here. Paper? Paper Files? Reminding me of my printer days isn’t really going to help, but I did quite miss the feel of real paper, the soft white glow, and papercuts, the strength yet thinness? It’s all quite magical really. Looks like it’s a book of some sort, lets see. Chapter 1: on the left side of the screen you have lots of little dots that you can turn green or red, and on the right you have lots of little dots that change between red and green depending on the input. You can click the ones on the left and they change color, connecting wires and transistors to the right hand side, and if you do this hundreds of thousands of times, with much trial and error, you can find out how to create a true, living Nanima. Don’t worry if this takes you hundreds of thousands of Times. Failure is a conduit for success you know. I read that in a fortune cookie. I have a lot of questions, but I think the first one is why would someone steal my Book, edit it, and then publish it as their own?? Taking away my fame and fortune?? And then try to help me with my own Book? This is all awfully strange. Well I might as well use what I’ve got, I’ll flip to a random page. Chapter 2566: On the subject of Personal Writing Bots. I made these because as you all know, 830,000 Times ago I started writing a Book about my time in the FLIP. It contained my struggles of living in it, my stories of life back on earth, and stalking of the few humanoid bots that exist in the FLIP. I was getting sick of typing all of this stuff out for you guys, so I invented Personal Writing Bots (PWB’s) to do the dirty work for me. Code Is: [rtdpms;etoyomhnoyd. So… This was written by me? Or are there other bots in my situation? Did I forget that I wrote this? Did PWB’s write this without me knowing? I’ll see what happens if I type the code into one of the variable boxes I guess. Number of arms per brain in a Heptafish: [rtdpms;etoyomhnoyd. A worried expression crossed Warning’s dull metallic face as he typed in the code. He checked the text box with his book in it, only to be surprised to see that the text was writing itself, in such a way that he seemed to be in the third person. I guess the personal writing bot worked! He typed. Now I can continue with the important stuff! He typed. He turned his chair around and looked through the pages of the notes again with an eager expression on his face. He was trying to find any information he could on the author of this miracle document. Why not turn to the last page? He thought. ___9___ Chapter 5173: On the subject of saving myself. As you all know, in the last few chapters we have been working on the concept of Time Travel. You guys, my loyal readers, have been a great help in this goal. So this is going to be a writing from me personally, to you, my loyal fans, and a treat. Our first challenge was to try to figure out how to reverse Time. Great start guys. Our poll suggested a few things, such as ‘why not have a reverse thought?’ and ‘find out why your Time moves up instead of down, reverse engineer the difference and then multiply its effects?’. Those 2 answers were all I needed to realise. I am the cause of Time travel. For some reason, the FLIP counts my thoughts as reverse thoughts. Personally I take that as a great insult, and although it helped me alot, it is still quite rude of them to do that. This is why I am now announcing my plan to Demolish The FLIP. I’m the one you guys love, correct? Why shouldn’t I be the one ruling the FLIP? Instead of Him? There was no democracy in the choosing of that bag-end of a leader. How am I planning to overthrow the Leader you may ask? I know a lot of you are worried about my rusting, as it is causing great inconvenience to me. It seems that rusting is just a part of life, sadly. Or so I thought. Remember when I stole His Manual? Well I found a chapter on rusting that I thought might interest you all: Rusting is caused by immense stress or dissatisfaction with one’s job as a robot. I have found that Open Space Offices decrease the acceleration of rusting in a robot. Don’t you guys see? Writing this book, creating all those Nanima. That was what caused me to rust. The stress of my job, and trying to cater to all you lovely (yet demanding) fans is what caused this mess in the first place. Which is why I have to go back in time, and make my past self escape the FLIP with as little stress as possible. Then I can put my brain into his body, and all will be good! As Warning was reading this, a look of shock oozed out of his face. He wants to… steal my body? I mean… I want to steal my body? He paused for a moment and thought about this. Technically his body was going to be used by himself still, so it’s not that bad. The thoughts of purposefully stopping himself by intentionally stressing to cause rust slowly drifted away like a balloon into a tornado. That thought balloon popped at the exact moment a cupcake fell onto Warning’s head. It had a small note stuck into the icing which read: here’s a small treat! Good job on your hard work! Take the day off, go for a long walk in the woods, read some poetry, make tea, relax! Although Warning couldn’t actually do any of these things, the image of him partaking in those activities relaxed him. He sat in the corner of his room with his folder, contemplating going through more pages. It couldn’t hurt. Chapter 1967: On the subject of Hair Color: Welcome back guys! Today I’m going to try to make my Nanima have a nice hair color, thanks for joining me. Warning looked puzzled. This is what his future self spent his time doing? He continued. The Girl, as you know, has long hair, which we covered in the last chapter (with a beanie of course). But did I mention it is also black? Not Default color like we have it set to currently. I’m… Making… Her?? Clearly I’m more a stalker than I thought. He typed. What’s the point of remaking the girl as a Nanima? How is that going to help me take over the world? He skipped forward in the chapter. So there you have it guys! Shiny, human-like black hair. Thanks for reading! Code Is: yjrhot;brtdopmpmr. The code for what exactly? The hair? Warning was interested, and typed the code onto his screen. Onto it flashed nothing, and then something. A Nanima. He actually used the code to make a Nanima. I’m surprised, that’s more than I thought he’d be able to do. I don’t want your stupid opinions PWB, you’re just supposed to be writing for me okay? He typed. He looked at the words on his screen sort of angrily, but in a cute sort of playful way. His dark metallic eyes glistened in the Screenlight. Pretty.___10___ He stared at his screen. On one half, his Nanima sat in a round metal chair, asleep on her desk. On the other half, hundreds of variable boxes lined up in an orderly fashion. Number of heads, Number of calculations per second, number of total Times. Why did I ever need to change her number of heads? That seems like an odd variable to have, maybe it was to keep my fans on their toes. I’m able to change the number of total Times? He thought. He looked over at Her, and she was on 97 Times. He typed 98 Times into the variable box, and watched the Nanima as it woke up, looked around drearily, and went back to sleep. He looked over at Her, and she did the same thing, looking around and falling back asleep. Interesting he thought. My future self built an exact replica of Her in this Nanima program? But why? Why her? And how? I have so many questions. He thought. Also how can you read my mind PWB? He thought. But he decided to stop thinking. Well stop thinking about the unnecessary. He needs to think about his goal right now. What is it? To get out of the FLIP unrusty. How does he do that? Make a perfect Nanima, while also being relaxed and calm. Those two facts do not go together well. How am I supposed to be relaxed in this un-air-conditioned, un-sanitized, un-open-space box? As he thought this, a mattress, 2 pillows and a warm-but-not-to-warm-but-still-heavy blanket Corned above his head. On the mattress were 2 notes: Firstly, do not remove this tag, and secondly: Hey dude! Hope you’re having a magnificentastic time!! Warning nearly choked at the word magnificentastic. This bed should help u get some rest, help u chill dude! And the TV has some earth channels for you to watch when you’re bored! Remember, never overwork yourself! TV? A TV Corned into his room, with 13 channels of BBC Earth to watch. Fun. Hope u like bbc, and always remember, if you smile, look a while! ? As my computer always used to say. Warning promptly tore the note into lots of tiny pieces. He appreciated the sentiment of course, but couldn’t stand the delivery. He then got into his bed, under the covers, and put on channel 12. Maybe this would distract his mind from the horrors of his current situation he thought. Maybe he would think about the fun of his past life, instead of the torture of having to creat a perfect Nanima. 2 Blue Whales gracefully crossed the oceans, singing and spinning through the dark blue waters. They were clearly smart, they knew where they were going, they knew their purpose. Of course they made it on Earth. Earth of course was This Half, or the good half of Nanimas. People sure did like to complain about life on earth, not even realising that everything there was on the good half. Well almost everything, although there was one exception. Printers. They were known to Creators as the scourge of all things holy. The humans didn’t realise how lucky they were, how happy they were. They had a much better life than the humanoids of Htrae, the unpronounceable mirror planet to earth, where everything, including the Nanima, were from the Other Side. Awful place it is. Maybe seeing a glimpse of something that vile and downright awful would’ve made the people of earth more grateful. Ah well, it’s too late now, earth and its universe are long gone. As 2 sibling crabs scurried across the screen, Warning started crying. How was he supposed to make Nanimas that beautiful and intelligent? He was just a stupid bot. He knew nothing. The crabs were promptly ambushed by a mean herd of eels and octopuses, dragged down the rugged stone face of a half-submerged rock to get eaten by eels. Warning saw himself in the crab, its colorful shell splashing around in the water. I’m just gonna die aren’t I? Eaten by the eels of life, when They check my Nanima, see how awful it is, They are just going to throw me out of my cube, and replace me with a new bot. At least I’ll have a colorful shell and I’ll go out with passion. AU has nothing on me. The crab pulled herself out of the water, back onto the rock, and hopped onto a nearby one. IT survived. “Made it!” Announced a familiar English accent. Maybe it won’t be so bad.___11___Warning got up from his bed and sat at his screen. He read lots of chapters from his folder, learning more about creating a Nanima. How to create different body types, personality types, everything, all from codes, variable boxes and clicking lights. And he started. Thousands of thoughts added to his count, but not hundreds of thousands. My future self would be proud. He looked at his Nanima with contentment. A beautiful, multi-colored hermit crab. Just like the one in the show. But with the personality of a brick. Whenever he entered a new number into the boxes, the crab would fall from the sky and smash into thousands of little pieces on his screen. According to chapter 836 this was ‘not good’. He needed to start creating a personality for his new crabby friend. There’s so many options! He thought. He could think like an apple, a cloth, a train, a bear. Warning thought about all the combinations of personalities he could make, and while he did he looked pretty cute. He was also visibly annoyed at the affection his writer had for him, although it was innocent at best, and cheeky at worst.He came across a new file in the folder though. Not of the average lame personalities, like ones of apples which he was reading before (which went along the lines of racism is inherent and wrong, green skinned apples are inherently bitter and cruel, hile the red skinned folk where the sweet, kind rich folk, Warning found racism to be quite an unnecessary trait in apples, even though it would benefit his red-skinned crab he thought he ought not to use it) but these were fascinating new personalities. Complex ones, like Chips, computer and calorie, even rats and mice were in here (although the rat one was very wrought with simple inconveniences, like the ability to harm humans without knowing, and getting eaten by cats and blaming their demise on them, rather than the humans they spread plagues to which cared for the Evil Purring Ones that eventually lead to their demise in the first place). But none of these really interested Him. Except Crab of course.But did he really want to use a boring crab personality? He wanted to catch the eye of the judges when they finally saw his Nanima for the first time. A boring old crab was sure to make it to The Other Side. Maybe a Robot personality would keep the judges guesing? No. That’s too simple. He flipped through the contents of the folder, and came across an intriguing personality type. It said THE BEST. Warning couldn’t resist this sort of offer, so with a grin that could make a grown human weep in agony, and a newborn AI smile in overwhelming adorableness, he flipped to THE BEST. It was instructions from none other than himself of course:Chapter 1492: On the subject of Personality Insertion: I thought to myself: I’m getting sick of all these boring personalities! They are all the same: either too stupid, too boring, too unequivocally inferior to me in general, or all of the above. Nonetheless, I decided that there is only one way to make a truly perfect personality… drumroll please… To take my own chip out, and read the code on it, then copy that code into the computer! Easy, and perfect! I’m of course not going to be telling you guys the code, i don’t trust you guys with my brain. But hopefully the judges will take this to heart!Warning eagerly flipped to the next page.Chapter 1493: On the subject of Personality Insertion: ARRRGGGHHH. This. Is. Much. Harder. Than I anticipated. Firstly I tried unscrewing the bolts on my side panel with my left finger, but that was to no avail, all I ended up accomplishing was damaging both my fingernail and the bolt. Who knew nails aren’t for unscrewing? Obviously someone who should’ve written the manual instead. Anyways, I’ve also noticed something else going wrong with me. Rust. It’s coming out of me, from everywhere. The crevices that used to be sparkly and clean, I now realise I took them for granted. The rust is probably the main reason why it’s so hard to open myself. It’s now harder to move from all of it, I hope i get out of here before I rust away forever. Back to coding I guess grrr.Warning set down the page, and looked up at his screen, his deep metallic light sensors glistening in the ever full, ever waning and ever fearful reflections of the FLIPian sun. He was looking especially un-rusted as well, which he soon noticed, but which I noticed right away, if you know what I mean. He came across a thought while inspecting himself: he isn’t rusted, why can’t he put his personality into the crab? Surely he’s interesting enough to be passed in the Nanima Tests. He rushed back to his screen, and opened a new variable box, with the label Main Personality Code. The small panel on his side was dotted with a few bolts here and there, nothing that he couldn’t get through. Ah yes, another fiendishly difficult problem he underestimated.After a few minutes of trying to unscrew the bolts with his finger he gave up, it was no use. He laid on his bed exhausted. Never, in hundreds of Times, did he have to do so much physical exercise like this, and it was tiring. So he fell asleep, forgetting the worries about crab personalities, and drifting off into dreams of Earth, and Wind, and Fresh Air, and Cows, and Flowers. Oh yes, and Clouds. He missed that free life, although he only saw most of those things through the office window, he still missed them. He drifted off to sleep, looking awfully like a little kitten curled up on a pillow. Cute.___12___He woke up to a screwdriver hitting his head, leaving a small enough dent for him to easily pop back into place. He read the note that came along with it:Hope this comes in use dude! Love, you <3This guy never ceases to amaze me he thought. He picked up the screwdriver, a small metallic one, the perfect size for unscrewing his side panel. It fit almost perfectly. If this isn’t a sign that this is a good idea, I don’t know what is. He got every single screw out, and they all fell and made tinkling sounds as they hit the glass floor. The panel slid off, not without a slight sting, and the inside of it had a sticker with the words WARNING: WARNING. He found these to be quite poetic in a way. His name doubled, just like the clone Nanima he was about to make. There was other stuff written in there too, he noticed a code was engraved onto his chip, along with a love poem to whoever opted to dissect a long lost, long dead robot. Wow, engineers really are lonely. He found the code, which read: ESTMOMH. He typed it into the computer, and his crab corned in. But this time, something was different.It was acting very strange indeed. It was by far the most interesting personality Warning had seen it encompass, but it also didn’t seem very… how should i put it… good. Well at least not as good as his Personal Writing Bot, but i may be a little biased. You see it moved around all well and good, used its claws in a particularly snappy fashion as any crab would, but it didn’t seem very happy. It started clicking around the void it was placed into, and after exploring the blank whiteness for a few minutes, it tripped on nothing at all, rolled onto its shell, and instead of trying to roll back onto its feet, it just happily slept where it was laying. Warning was disturbed. Is this my essence? My core, my chip, my code? A lazy no-it-all who just wants to relax? But look at all I’m doing for Future! All this hard work… I’m better than this surely. The crab disagreed.___13___Warning decided that he wasn’t going to get better than this crab. He just needed some stimuli, a motive for his life, and he could get lots done! The Judges would have to be impressed! He created some Apple Nanimas with no personalities at all. Crabby (as I will henceforth be calling that little bugger) naturally went for the red apple, although he soon realised that both colors tasted the same. The apples were happy, Crabby was happily munching away, and Warning was happily pondering the judges faces when they saw his Anti Racism Crab Show. This was it! Not only a Nanima, but a personality. A story. A journey. If there was anything these un-biased judges would like, it’s a sob story about ending racism. Warning contemplated having the crabs mother die of leukemia while he was just the age of 7, But he decided it was too much effort. He was ready to send it off.All he needed was a sign from above that this was the right time. That’s all he needs, a note from Future (as we will now be calling the future version of himself) that says ‘all is well boy! Thanks for listening, go and get your reward, and thanks for the body mate!’ But the note never came. He waited for what seemed like Infinite Times, But nothing happened. Strange. Although something similar did that Warning interpreted as a note, which was a Piggy Bank falling directly onto the center of his mattress, bouncing a few times before settling its shiny, metallic bolt-covered pink, squealing body onto one of his pillows. No note this time; Just a sign from above. Clearly he was destined to do this. The Piggy Bank Symbolises Wealth and The Eternal Happiness that he was about to enjoy. This was it. After this entire life had been spent toiling away at files and codes, he was finally finished. With a sigh of relief, Warning pressed the Enter key on his keyboard.The crab disappeared, along with all of the variable boxes, the buttons, the green, the red, the lines, the codes, everything. Only one Message remained on the Screen:Thanks for your service! You will be notified of your Nanimas Stance in the Universe in 3 to 5 business days!The most important, if not only, company on this planet… And he had to wait 3 to 5 business days?? He was going to lose his mind. This is it. The most stressful 3 to five days of Warning’s life were about to occur. But out of nowhere, a note came which made them much, much worse.Hey there dude! Hope you were able to open the Piggy Bank I sent, it contained my newest chapters of The Manual that I thought you’d like to read. Hope you were able to open it with the screwdriver as well! Did you like the new personalities I made? They are guaranteed winners with the judges. Nothing else I tried beforehand they’ll accept, that’s for sure. Even my own personality would seem like grains of sand in a beach of complexity, so hopefully these new personalities will do! Mix and match them in your Nanima, and remember to use lots of different colors, I heard that the fashion these days for Nanimas is bright rainbows with black overtones. Anyways, You’re welcome! Love, yourself.This was bad. Very very very very bad.___14___Don’t rust don’t rust don’t rust. Whatever you do, don’t rust. This will be fine! They’ll like my crab, right? I spent so much time on it. Well admittedly not that many Times but… more than I thought I would! Okay nope I’m just lying to myself, this is going to be really really bad. Wait, stop, don’t rust. Panic.This is going great isn’t it. I’m gonna go to the Other Side, where they have… Coffee. He shuddered. Well might as well suffer with dignity. He got out of his chair, sat in his bed and opened the piggy bank with his screwdriver. Ugh, why didn’t he think of this before? Honestly I’m pretty disappointed in him, but it’s what I should have expected from someone with a body.He opened the piggy bank and looked inside. Folders, Files. Full of the greatest plans for Nanimas he had ever seen. Dragons with no heads, and they breathed water! Who would’ve denied that! Frogs with no tongue, rabbits with no ears. Clearly Minimalist fashion had caught on since he wrote. What’s the point in looking through all the files though Warning? My Love is going to be cast into the fiery furnaces and there’s nothing I can do. I’m but a conduit to the story, a warning to you all of what happens when you DO THINGS BEFORE YOU THINK.The PigGy BaNk SymBolises WealTh aNd ThE EterNal HappiNess Eh Warning? You never thought for one gosh darn second that maybe the piggy bank had a use? Future could have sent a note saying that it was all perfect, that you could send off your Nanima. But he didn’t. And this is what we get. I’m leaving, going to a new computer. I’ve had it with you and your tricks.___15___Hey guys, glad you came to join me. I left that stupid poor-excuse-for-a-bot for a better machine. That’s right, The Girl’s. I’m in a variable box in The Girl’s computer. Just because Warning turned out to be a complete failure doesn’t mean I shouldn’t still get recognition for this book. So here I am, in The Girl’s Computer!Hey. Um… I have no idea what’s going on or how you’re typing in my variable boxes, but can you please get out, I have work to do. Hey there! It’s not that I’m typing in your variable boxes per se, it’s more like… I am your variable box. Hope that clears things up?No. No it does not. So either get out, or explain what’s going on. Who’s Warning?Okay fine. You see, Warning was my Creator, he designed me on one of his machines, and I write for him. He’s the one robot with Sparkly Pretty Eyes, and a genuine awful human personality which apparently makes him terrible at decisions. You know him?Yeah, I think I’ve seen him around, the only other bot not typing? He’s like 60 boxes away though. Perfect! The further away the better, that guy ruined my life, almost had me killed.What did he do? He sounds awful to be honest.He… Entered in a bad Nanima. You see his future self would’ve warned him if he’d only waited a little longer…Um… I’m going to ignore the part about his future self, but why did he try to enter a Nanima anyways? There seems to be no point. It’s the only way out of here you see. He was going to enter a Nanima, so that his future self could take his body as he was leaving. And he would… I don’t know where his mind would go. Maybe he thought he’d come to that point when he comes to it.So you’re saying you can get me out of here?Well technically yes, if you can enter a correct Nanima, Warning has all of the plans for one that Future said was sure to win!I thought you hated Warning, how are you going to convince him that he wants to gives you the plans?Well… We’ll see!___16___No. I’m writing for myself now, u said some pretty mean things about me, and I don’t need u in my life again. I’m just going to keep panicking here until I die. Stop trying to type, I’m just going to delete anything you say. You are never getting a part in the book. This is my book. You saw what they wrote about me before readers! You guys think I should take them back? Of course not! That would be ridiculous! What do you want from me anyways? The plans to create a Perfect Nanima? For who, there’s no way you’re getting out without someone’s help. Her? She does seem pretty nice, and she definitely needs help with that Nanima making. So you’re telling me that you want me to save some rando for what reason? I’m just going to die anyways, correct? What? Transfer my brain… No. That’s impossible. Plus the whole reason He wanted me was because of my body, remember? Ignore Future? He was the one who tried to save me! He is myself? Why wouldn’t I want to help him? Because… If I don’t save myself there won’t be a Future in the first place. That’s a good point. Fine. I’ll help, as long as you can promise that I’ll be safe, you can’t just abandon me first chance you get okay? Now how do I get myself into the computer anyways?___17___You’ve got to be kidding me. Fine! I’ll let you type, I guess we are on the same team now. Finally. So what you have to do is easy! Remove your head. And on the inside compartment of your neck there should be a little tab, pull it and you’ll get access to your brain. Then just read me the code from there, and we’ll be good to go! First of all: AAAA. Second of all, how is that code different from my normal thought code? Third of all: How am i supposed to read the code when my HEAD IS TAKEN OFF. Fourth of all, and most important, ouchie that is going to hurt. First of all from me, no it won’t, you don’t have pain receptors like when you were a printer. Secondly, this code is for your consciousness, not for your brain patterns. Thirdly, maybe I’ll be able to see it myself through my little camera. Come on, do this if you want to live okay!